L0	Where I am . There 's a light . A blue or white light . It'S.it 's neon . There 's a neon sign . I-- I do n't know if this is the right place , but it 's the closest I can figure out . I think , uh , someone got here before we did . Mel , I'm sure the cops are coming . You think this is a good idea ? Well , it 's the only way we can free bryan from whoever or whatever 's controlling him . I ca n't do that if he 's in jail . It 's the body from the morgue . Why is he making that noise ? The door was almost invisible and there was certainly no way to open it from inside . I knew immediately where I was . It was a prison cell . Hello , Kimber , how 's the waxing ? Am I interrupting something ? No ... we 're done . I was wondering if you could fill in a customer - satisfaction form . We 're new , so we welcome any and all criticism . I 'd like you to be honest with me , Julia . Is there something you wanted to ask me ? Honestly ... there was once an attraction between us . And we 're still very good and very old friends . But Christian and I are n't in love . You and Christian are .
L1	You will not lack feedbacking guitars , quick almost punk songs and on the other hand " pop - like " melodies and lyrics full of love , sadness , loneliness . What 's definitive is that I just lost two people in Berlin . So what 's your theory ? Conklin 's reaching out from the grave to protect his good name ? For christ 's sake , marty , you knew Conklin . I mean , at all ? Cut to the chase , Pam . I think that Bourne and Conklin were in business together , That Bourne 's still involved and that whatever information I was trying to buy in Berlin ... Nah , it 's nothing . Some guy 's name came up on the computer . Yeah . Mr. Bourne , I 'm John Nevins . I 'm with the U.S. Consulate . Is it because your balance is off ? I do n't even care . A frigging pizza box or a beer can How 'bout this ? Which , of course , means absolutely nothing to me . Dr. Walter gregg , 64,university neurologist . They say he just went to sleep and did n't wake up . That sound familiar to you ? You know , hunting after something ... that started hunting him . Yeah . What are you gon na do ? Gregg 's lab assistant . THE INSTITUTE 'S REPLIES Agreed .
L2	As discussed already with the Court in 2011 , for carry forward EIGE has introduced acceptable ceilings by Title , e.g. : It 's impossible to move . The Latin , the knife . None of us know who this girl is . We do n't even know how she got in here . Who else knew about the arrangement ? Who else knows about our arrangement ? Did anyone blab , tell one of the girls that have been up here ? Wait . What 's your point , Vincent ? Someone is trying to set us up . Look . Is one of you guys in some kind of trouble ? I think I may be falling in love with you . You all right ? Give me a bottle of water . I guess it 's a poker party , you got all your players , you do n't need me . Looksies , no feelsies . Anybody read any good books lately ? That 's how you pick up a lady . Carol Ann , darling , we need more towels . Are you crying ? No . Just chopping onions . TVW - the very worst . Quick household hint , if I may . Put these on and it will shield your eyes ... No , do n't . Oh , darling , what happened ? Nothing . You are going to have a shiner , put a steak on that .
L3	Field List Hide Details Show Details Calculated Totals and Fields The required information is damaged or missing . Consult the creator of the file , or check for errors by opening the PivotTable list in the program that was used to create the file . That 's very good . I 'm going to say some words to you and you repeat them . Understand ? Say " Hello , my name is ... " Hello . John Merrick . Merrick . " Hello , my name is John Merrick " . Hello , my name is ... ... is John Merrick . How did you get up here ? Montag turned and glanced back . What did you give to the city , Montag ? Ashes . What did the others give to each other ? Nothingness . Granger stood looking back with Montag . " Everyone must leave something behind when he dies , my grandfather said . A child or a book or a painting or a house or a wall built or a pair of shoes made . Something your hand touched some way so your soul has somewhere to go when you die , and when people look at that tree or that flower you planted , you 're there . The difference between the man who just cuts lawns and a real gardener is in the touching , he said .
L4	Have you ever seen the atom - bomb mushroom from two hundred miles up ? I was afraid that if I let you go , that you 'd never need your daddy again . But I 'm always gon na need you . Mel , this is what you got ta do . Go in there with all confidence . Keep your head up . And do your best . All you can do is win . Yeah , I like that . And if they do n't accept you after that , it 's their loss . I 'm so glad you 're my dad . I 'm gon na let you go now . Let 's go , Trey . Melanie Porter . " Here I redeem the pledge thou gavest , " he said , using the ritual words of the Fremen marriage ceremony . " I pour sweet water upon thee in this windless place . " Faroula picked up the next phrase . " Naught but life shall prevail between us . " " Thou shalt live in a palace , my love . " " Thy enemies shall fall to destruction , " she promised him . " Surely well do I know thee . " " Truly well . " Then they spoke together , in unison . At the end of the blessing and the prayer , they smiled at one another .
L5	They stared into each other 's eyes for a long time , before withdrawing deeper into the cool darkness of the cave . LIET ARRIVED PANTING , his boots skittering pebbles along the path as he climbed to the opening of the cave -- only to stop when he heard movement within , voices . Just curious why a report coming from this house has the arson department trying to finger me for burning down a restaurant . That report conveyed the owner 's statement to us , that 's all . Tuxhorn ... rapes baby seals . Yeah , and it got that far because you guys took the word of some sweatshop owner over that of a fellow union brother . Why do n't you show some courtesy , talk to me first . I know . I 'm being accused of starting it ! Guy 's a skull - cracker . You 're awfully quiet . let 's say that if you knew something ... What ? Nothing . No , no , no . Do n't give me that . What ? I 've never killed anyone before . What are you afraid of ? The guy is 75 % dead already . You dig a big hole , and you throw him in . But that 's horrible . It 's not horrible for you . Hey , come on . I 'm just trying to help you out with your money problems .
L6	Help me to help you , Barbie . I should get to work . Now , what 's the nature of this venture of your'n ? Now , what 's the nature of this venture of your'n ? What makes you think Barbossa will give up his ship to you ? There 's bound to be some sailors on this rock crazy as you . Tell him that I am disinclined to acquiesce to his request . He said you 'd say that . He also said if that be the case , you 'll be dining with the crew . And you 'll be naked . But the greed of Cortés was insatiable . So the heathen gods placed upon the gold ... a terrible curse . Any mortal that removes but a single piece from that stone chest ... shall be punished for eternity . Shall be punished for eternity . Look ! The moonlight shows us for what we really are . We are not among the living and so we can not die . We are not among the living and so we can not die . But neither are we dead . If one of the plaintiff 's claims must be brought according to the regulations of extraordinary jurisdiction , then the claim shall be filed following the rules of extraordinary jurisdiction . If one of the plaintiff 's claims is under the jurisdiction of a county court , all claims shall be heard in a county court .
L7	However , extraordinary and specific jurisdiction may not be changed by agreement between or among the parties ( Article 32 of the Civil Procedure Code of the Republic of Lithuania ) . C. Where specialised courts have jurisdiction how can I find out which one I have to address ? Where the jurisdictional rules are essentially the same this should be made clear and should be followed by an explanation of the exceptions to that rule . Specialized administrative courts operating in the Republic of Lithuania do not hear civil cases , therefore , in our opinion , rules on their jurisdiction and exceptions to those rules are not subject of this questionnaire . Jurisdiction of the courts - General information | Lithuania - General information » Last update : 12 - 07 - 2006 " You 're welcome . I 'll get back to you ASAP . " The first photograph showed the terrain as it really was : no troops , no artillery , no tanks . The second photograph had them edging into the frame . Everything from the grain to the shadows looked authentic . " If it 's a fake , it 's a damn good one , " Katzen said . " Maybe not . Look here . " Stoll hit Fl / Shift , then went to the magnify option . He pressed Enter , and the windshield filled the monitor . " Get a load of that . " That 's meaningless drivel .
L8	Grandma said a long time ago that Vietnamese people used to eat coconut frogs . Oh , yeah . Coconut and frogs . Then , a few weeks later , they 'd open upthecoconut to flnd a bllnd frog wlthwhlte skln . It hadthe smoothest skln and the softest coconut - flavoredmeat . For most of my Ilfe , I 've been one ofthose tadpoles . I ca n't believe-- By the hour ? I 'm giving you the not - for - profit rate ! Nick ! We 're so sorry for fighting with you . Whatever you want to say , we want to hear it , okay ? I found it-- Chaz 's video diary . That 's great , Nick . Medicinal product subject to medical prescription . E-006961/11 ( PL ) Marek Henryk Migalski ( ECR ) to the Commission ( 15 July 2011 ) Subject : ZPB activist arrested in Grodno Joint answer from the Commission ( 22 August 2011 ) Subject : EU - wide privacy protection of minors on social networks needed Answer from the Commission ( 22 August 2011 ) Interested parties listed in Annex II may request access to certain information contained in the European Central Repository . Interested parties established within the Union shall address requests for information to the point of contact of the Member State in which they are established . The Commission shall inform the competent authority of the Member State concerned when a request is made pursuant to this paragraph .
L9	She squeezed it in her hand - a very human hand , and quite lovely save for the black and spiritous spots floating just beneath her skin - so that first the juice ran out of her fist in a rose madder stream and then the fruit itself broke open in a wet , dark - red furrow . The last one she poked into his one staring eye . There was a wet popping sound as she drove it home - the sound of someone stepping on a plump grape . She only managed to keep from adding , Do n't turn around , you can tell me without turning around ! Then she did something that made Rosie feel as if she had stepped into a ' Richard Racine ' novel : leaned forward and kissed the corpse 's mouth . At last she drew back , took him in her arms , rose , and turned toward the white marble stairway leading into the earth . ' Sweet dreams , you son - of - a - bastard , ' Rose Madder said , and pitched Norman 's body down into the dark beneath the single chiselled word reading MAZE . Where , perchance , the seeds she had planted would take root and grow . And then you have 3 times 1 in the denominator . Now let 's see if this still makes sense . Subject : Cotton products Answer from the Commission ( 20 January 2012 )
L10	You can talk to me , You know you can talk to me , right ? A person ca n't communicate with you ! I mean , what am I here ? I 'm your wife ! You know something ? You hurt me . You hurt me , you know that ? Can you imagine , marrying another man ? Did I ever do anything to make you do that ? Did I ever turn you down or anything ? Like I ca n't stand you being a bank robber . If you know what love is so much , why did n't you come down here ? Well ... User - friendly programming and operation with requirement - oriented application programs and interfaces to CAD and ERP systems Offer ByVision Simple , user - friendly and fast control for high - tech systems _ Combine Combine C_ombine Combine Combine Masks Combine parts as unison . Combine several images on a film strip Combine several paths into one _ Combine Combines phase - shifted signals with the original signal Arrival to Reykjavík no later than 19:00 . Three months now and not a word . He looked at Hood . " Paul , you 're probably going to have my head for this , but I think you should consider their offer . " Shake it off . What 's your status ? My fuel 's low , and half of Russia will be up here any minute . Alert . Alert .
L11	Portside hydraulics malfunctioning . Talon 1 , we know where he 's heading . Relaying coordinates now on Talon secure line Alpha . EDl 's almost out of gas . If he ca n't refuel , he 'll have to return to the ship . Come on . Confirm , Talon 1 . Confirmed . Talon 2 , you fly straight south - southeast back to the boat . And not just some stupid trip on the same cruise ship That 's messed up , right ? I mean I still went . Ended up spending the whole time getting high in my cabin . Boy , I sure do like weed . Why not just get her the deluxe thighmaster ? Okay . Point taken . And what was the problem You do n't deserve a girlfriend . Hi . Where are you going ? Excuse me , Your Excellency . A dead soldier has been found in the garden What ? This letter has arrived It 's urgent . The brigands carefully avoided any clash with royalist troops ... ... and made for Castelvetrano ... ... threatening peaceful inhabitants and causing pillage and devastation Paolo , you 'll go to the house in Palermo ; empty houses are lost houses It 's dangerous . This is war It 's the revolution Drink this , you 'll feel better Pardon , Excellency . In the garden we 've found ... Mimi , tell Don Antonio to harness the horses to the carriage
L12	The procuring entity shall not exclude the supplier from consideration in respect of the procurement on the grounds that the entity has insufficient time to examine the request , unless , in exceptional cases , due to the complexity of the procurement , the entity is not able to complete the examination of the request within the time - period allowed for the submission of tenders . The market share of imports from other third countries grew from 17,9 % in 1994 to 21,0 % in 1995 and remained relatively stable thereafter ending up with 21,4 % at the end of the IP . Why did you show up ? Answer me ! I was just passing by . Passing by ? He 's still hanging on ! What 's wrong with being Georg ? What 's he saying ? I ca n't tell . He 's mumbling . What 's wrong with being Georg ? Who are you , really ? I thought you were a mailman . Georg said you had a picture of me . How would I have that ? That 's what he said . Later this year the Commission will issue a Communication outlining options for dealing with tax haven issues and aggressive tax planning . The Commission considers that predatory tax planning has to be tackled in parallel with action against fraud .
L13	A clear example of the positive relationship between EU and Member State level actions is in the area of energy taxation . Here the Commission 's proposal restructuring the way in which energy is taxed would support the objective of moving to a low - carbon and energy - efficient economy while at the same time reducing distortions coming from the different taxation of similar products used for the same purpose . BUDGETARY IMPLICATION | The proposal has no implication for the Community budget . We are schooled . If this is you trying to help me , thanks for nothing . I have to feed Sookie . That figure seems to be a reasonable estimate based on an extrapolation of the situation of the sampled importers to the extent that their figures could be used . Several parties complained about the high gross margin figure contained in recital ( 202 ) of the provisional Regulation , alleging it would be misleading . However , the investigation has shown that the vast majority of the importers who replied to the importers ' sampling questions reported a gross margin between purchase and resale price ranging between 50 % and 200 % and the sampled importers were in a similar situation . Moreover , following provisional disclosure , the complainants submitted several examples supporting the information given by the publication referred to in recital ( 202 ) of the provisional Regulation , i.e. confirming the import price - retail price ratio of the product concerned .
L14	As from only three of the sampled importers usable profit data on the importing activities relating to the product concerned could be obtained and verified and these three importers represented only some 3 % of the imports of the product concerned , the weighted average profit figure concerned was not considered conclusive and had , therefore , not been mentioned in the provisional Regulation . An importer claimed that there is not enough production of coloured stoneware in the Union and that it had no alternative but to import from the PRC . Yet the investigation established that coloured stoneware can be procured from several sources , including Union producers . Moreover , Union producers have the production capacity to sell more on the Union market . The information collected in the course of the investigation did not allow a proper quantification as to what extent importers would be able to pass on purchase price increases as a result of the proposed duty levels . However , should imports from the PRC be subject to a definitive anti - dumping duty and given the information about the gross and net margins , there is nothing to suggest that the viability of importers ' business is endangered . An importer also suggested that large market operators and importers whose core business is not ceramic tableware and kitchenware would not be negatively affected .
L15	But this is our whole lives , our whole future . If he 's just this selfish now , so mean when it 's a question of our honeymoon ... ... what 's he gon na be like after we 're married ? Had you talked it over ? I told him I wanted to go someplace romantic ... ... but he said there was nothing as romantic ... ... as a fishing shack in Nova Scotia . We had a horrible fight . I said terrible things to him . And he called me a spoiled brat ! I made him stop the car , and I jumped out and left him right there . Buckley 's here . Poor boy 's stricken . He looks terrible . Choose Insert - Object - Chart Choose Insert - Animated Image Choose Insert - Axes ( Charts ) Choose Insert - Bookmark Choose Insert - Caption Choose Insert - Caption . Choose Insert - Cells Choose Insert - Columns Choose Insert - Comment Look , our faucets are leaking , like shooting out brown water . We 'll get Ned right on it . Any fixit problems you have , just call Ned at extension 10 . He 's our handyman around the premises . Shit . Need to take that ? Uh ... right . You know , there 's one really big plus . Subject : Biocides Directive Answer from the Commission ( 15 June 2006 ) You doing okay after that close call ?
L16	Damn straight . Where a group of vessels is re - included in the effort regime on the basis of Article 11(2 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1342/2008 , the fishing effort allocated to the effort group concerned will be adjusted taking into account the annual effort adjustments that have taken place since the establishment of the baseline effort for that effort group . Read the package leaflet before use . E. The Depositary Government shall promptly inform all Signatories to this Statute of the date of each deposit of any instrument of ratification and the date of entry into force of the Statute . F. The Depositary Government shall promptly inform all Signatories and Members of the dates on which States or regional intergovernmental economic integration organisations subsequently become Members thereto . G. The civil jurisdiction of the Circuit Court is a limited one unless all the parties to an action consent , in which event the jurisdiction is unlimited . The limit of the court 's jurisdiction in actions in contract , hire - purchase or credit - sale agreements and tort is € 38,092.14 . The Circuit Court has jurisdiction in probate related matters , and in matters concerning title to or tenancies of real estate where the rateable valuation of the property does not exceed € 253.95 . It acts as an appeal court from the District Court in both civil and criminal matters .
L17	The appeal takes the form of a re - hearing and the decision of the Circuit Court is final and can not be further appealed . The District Court . The District Court has local and limited jurisdiction . The District Court has jurisdiction to try civil cases founded on contract , hire purchase or credit sale agreements , tort , and non - payment of rent or wrongful detention of goods , where the value of the claim does not exceed € 6,348.69 . It also has jurisdiction in relation to the enforcement generally of the judgements for debt of any court , jurisdiction in relation to a large number of licensing provisions e.g. relating to the sale of intoxicating liquor , and jurisdiction in respect of applications for malicious damages where the amount claimed does not exceed € 6,348.69 . The District Court sits at 248 venues ( including Dublin ) throughout the country . Generally , the venue at which a case is heard depends on where the contract was made , or where the defendant resides or carries on business , or in licensing cases , on where the licensed premises are situated . Small Claims The Small Claims procedure provides an inexpensive and informal means for the resolution of consumer claims without requiring either party to be legally represented .
L18	Because all the other chocolate makers were sending spies ... ... dressed as workers to steal Mr. Wonka 's secret recipes . That Slugworth was the worst ! " Close the factory ! " And that 's just what he did . Together it 's dangerous stuff , blows you up . He 'll sell a million bars . Do you think I 've got a chance to find one ? A scientist . Wesee this all the time . We do ? When their studies exhaust them , they 're tempted to take the easy way out ... to find whatever it is they 're looking for . Using the dark arts to change from man to monster . And would you have it any other way ? Oh , this I like . Put her down ! Happy to oblige . It 's him , I tell ya . ! He 's the killer . ! Get him , lads . ! The fourth ground of appeal , put forward in the alternative , alleges infringement of the principle of proportionality . The appellant maintains that , whilst the Parliament 's claims had to be justified in principle , their amounts ought to have been moderated in order to take account of the appellant 's bona fides and of the specific circumstances of the case . Furthermore , the Union should also support amendments to the Schedule aimed at setting up whale sanctuaries . He coughed . Caught his breath .
L19	" Chanur property . Right . " How can she put me in this position ? It 's not fair ! I agree . But , why does your mother need me ? " Robert must be there . " Why ? My being there wo n't make a difference . They obviously feel it will . Maybe they do n't want the Committee to think Harold 's a wildcat driller . An earl as a brother - in - law will make him respectable ? They seem to believe so . I know plenty of relatives of English earls who belong in gaol ! I suppose we 've made the decision . I ca n't stop his lordship from going . It is not too late for Europe to implement these reforms and thus live up to the ideals , based on solidarity , that underlay the euro 's creation . But if Europe can not do so , then perhaps it is better to admit failure and move on than to extract a high price in unemployment and human suffering in the name of a flawed economic model . Plasma HIV-1 RNA The directive does not in principle preclude national legislative provisions which penalise infringements of the statutory requirement to obtain authorisation . Jack , we need to be there at the moment of the incident . Or all of this will be for nothing . You think Jones has something to do with his disappearance ?
L20	Déja vu is like a glimpse into the other side . BRO YLES : But déja vu is just a window . It 's locked . OLIVIA : This is a record of all local incidents related to the Pattern . But these are the spots where Jones used his device . breakthrough fungal infections in patients weighing more than 120 kg . Patients with a low body weight ( < 60 kg ) are more likely to experience higher plasma concentrations of posaconazole and should be closely monitored for adverse events . In subjects with severe renal impairment ( n=6 , Cl cr 96 % CV ( coefficient of variance ) ] compared to other renal groups [ < 40 % CV ] . However , as posaconazole is not significantly renally eliminated , an effect of severe renal impairment on the pharmacokinetics of posaconazole is not expected and no dose adjustment is recommended . Posaconazole is not removed by haemodialysis . Hepatic impairment After a single oral dose of 400 mg posaconazole oral suspension to patients with mild ( Child - Pugh Class A ) , moderate ( Child - Pugh Class B ) or severe ( Child - Pugh Class C ) hepatic impairment ( six per group ) , the mean AUC was 1.3 to 1.6-fold higher compared to that for matched control subjects with normal hepatic function .
L21	The elimination half - life ( t1/2 ) was prolonged from approximately 27 hours up to ~43 hours in respective groups . No dose adjustment is recommended for patients with mild to severe hepatic impairment but caution is advised due to the potential for higher plasma exposure . So all those interesting people you met on the bus ? Yeah , um Hi . I 'm Mike . I 'm a Buddhist monk slash adventure travel writer . I sing in a punk band for children . Hey , I 'm Dan . Get out of there now ! Look , I was able to seal off the section so it wo n't depressurize , but you need to get down here ... Alan ... I also heard breaking glass . Sir ? Sam . You 're looking ... tired . Not a great deal . Absolutely . Sit down . What is it ? An arrest report . Where did you get this from ? It was found in Richard Hunter 's pocket . It 's the key to his garden shed . Was he a mechanic ? Imports which are occasional and consist solely of products for the personal use of the recipients or travellers or their families shall not be considered as imports by way of trade if it is evident from the nature and quantity of the products that no commercial purpose is in view . This permeates the olive through the perforations .
L22	Plain olives are put in hermetically sealed containers , without any additives except possibly sodium chloride . Bora Bora ! Xander , you there ? I know you 're there , Xander . I 've got you here on satellite magnification . We got a whole new thing to talk about . Something very important has come up . Oh , by the way you passed the test . You got ta be kidding me . Something you 'd like to share ? My partner has a super power . You wanna guess what it is ? No , tragically . Not anymore . All right , we 're all cops here . And now she can tell when other people are using . You wanna tell us something ? Yeah , I 'll let sean know that you were looking for him . Clean up that mess when you 're done . Consultations with Member States , the European Parliament and industry experts as well as replies to a specific country questionnaire were used as the basis of the report . A recommendation will be issued , asking Member States to take necessary measures on the above mentioned basic principles . 5 . Component list of the technical unit ( attach drawings ) : ..........
L23	As for the region 's pig - meat processors , it should be noted that today the most famous are those in Tineo , their sausages , and particularly ' Chosco de Tineo' , being the area 's most important food product . Cherry garcia . Given the liquid consistency , I place the fight between ... Noon and 1:00 . Ew , that was on the floor . Marshall stood here . Ew , ted . But lily went for the hail mary pass . There 'd be a bigger mess . Tempted as he was , marshall was still too upset . He had to get out of here , any way he could . Slamming it behind him . Lily and marshall were fighting about : Peanut butter . Ah . However , whether or not evidence is filed within the time - limit set , it is clear that opposition proceedings may continue after expiry of that time - limit . Jasper called " mapping " . He started drawing the map itself , with things he saw . Divination with Crystals . Place the pendant over a map for you to see . I thought the demon that is hunting you . That bastard angel was right . What angel ? Nevertheless , Keep your eyes on the map . Furcifer draws its power from electricity . Can manifest in lightning and storms . In addition to controlling power lines , and ... dead bodies . Hey , look everybody .
L24	Fines and penalties Lotteries and gambling Payments of compensation VAT- and GNI - based EU own resources ( D.76 ) ADJUSTMENT FOR THE CHANGE IN PENSION ENTITLEMENTS ( D.8 ) CAPITAL TRANSFERS ( D.9 ) Capital taxes ( D.91 ) Investment grants ( D.92 ) Other capital transfers ( D.99 ) EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTIONS ( ESOs ) CHAPTER 5 FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS GENERAL FEATURES OF FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS Financial assets , financial claims , and liabilities Contingent assets and contingent liabilities Categories of financial assets and liabilities Balance sheets , financial account , and other flows Valuation Net and gross recording Consolidation Netting Accounting rules for financial transactions A financial transaction with a current or a capital transfer as counterpart A financial transaction with property income as counterpart Time of recording A from - whom - to - whom financial account CLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS BY CATEGORIES IN DETAIL Monetary gold and special drawing rights ( F.1 ) Monetary gold ( F.11 ) You must be the new bad guy in my life . Gee , miss the old bad guys already . I had a chance to peruse the DNA workup done during your recent stay at Manticore . Let me guess . My insurance did n't cover itand you want me to go outta pocket . Are you familiar with the term " junk DNA " ? Layman 's terms for base pairs that do n't contain viable genetic information . Does n't do much more than fill space .
L25	We ca n't do it anyway , because he broke his instrument . You there . Sit down ! now that you broke it ... Ready , boss ? Positions , everybody ! Attention ! I told you when we first met I usually do n't take no for an answer . And I 'm about to become A true friend to camilla . It 'll make you feel better . You finally brought me ... The perfect pie . Then why does it feel so ... Bad ? I want you to know that you were right ... About my brother . I killed him . It 's good ... You did . Of every missing person for the last decade . Including some sad , lonely , and presumably single women , Courtesy of lieutenant pascal . She 's manifesting negativity . it 's on again . Excuse me , lieutenant ? No comment . We have reports there were dozens of bodies found In that underwater grave site . Meet Starla , the new Bluth Company business model ... for our phase two campaign . We 'll see you at the ribbon - cutting in two weeks ... if my brother does n't screw it up first . Orgalutran inhibits the action of GnRH , resulting in suppression of the release of especially LH . Orgalutran is used to prevent the premature LH surge that might cause such a premature release of egg cells .
L26	To the extent deemed possible and appropriate and with a view to ensuring operational efficiency , the ECB has recourse to the national central banks ( 3 ) for carrying out the operations which form part of the tasks of the Eurosystem . The Eurosystem 's monetary policy operations are executed under uniform terms and conditions in all Member States ( 4 ) . Lester ? Ca n't get used to how empty this place feels nowadays . True , but you 'd be surprised what you can get done when no one 's looking . I 'll get right on it . There 's a couple of loose ends we should cover as well . Now ? If not now , when ? The ESDP is based on three key principles : developing a balanced and polycentric urban system and a renewed relationship between cities and the countryside ; ensuring equal access to knowledge infrastructures ; and sustainable development , intelligent management and conservation of nature and cultural assets . Cooperation is based around research , development , the information society , the environment , risk prevention , and integrated water management . Cohesion Policy is evaluated on a partnership basis . Member States are responsible for ex ante evaluation while the European Commission carries out ex post evaluation .
L27	This Idanian you were waiting for in Quark 's ... Tauvid Rem ... what were you meeting him about ? A personal matter . Well , I suppose I could just go to his quarters and ask him . I 'd rather you did n't . He 's helping me locate my daughter . I gave her up when she was born 15 years ago . He told me he had information about her . Please ... let me talk to him . Whitaker 's Almanack , which gave Holmes the key to the secret code in The Valley of Fear . The snuffbox of Wilhelm Gottslieg Siegesmann Van der Romstein . Alright , Data . What do I do ? For later publication . Which he considered to be a very good investment . In the hands of some , the violin is a wondrous thing , equally capable of stirring the soul to the heights of bliss as to the depths of despair . But ... Data , that 's incredible . How can you play it like that ? But ... in the hands of my friend , Mr . Sherlock Holmes , the violin ceases to be a musical instrument at all and becomes ...
L28	Where the EFTA State has submitted a restructuring plan within six months of the date of authorisation or , in the case of non - notified aid , of implementation of the measure , the deadline for reimbursing the loan or for putting an end to the guarantee is extended until the Authority reaches its decision on the plan , unless the Authority decides that such an extension is not justified . Now no one can help them They say that there are things to keep you guessing However , the package is installed inside the LDC You may do this business will be more security Well , he 's not doing 20-minute abs , because if he were , he would have way better abs . Ca n't you face the other way and listen ? I ca n't do anything right for you , can I ? What the hell is he up to ? He is kind of a weirdo . Maybe he 's got Leonard Nimoy chained up in there . Or Bill Gates . Or Stephen Hawking . Why would he chain up Stephen Hawking ? That 's not okay . If you 're wondering why I 've been staring through the peephole , I 'm trying to get a look at this guy who 's coming over to Penny 's . To be honest , I did n't know you were here . He 's just in her history class .
L29	What better way than leaving this town and helping me ? It 's hindering him . What do you know about her ? Just what the Dark One showed me ... that she was banished to this world 30 years ago , to a place called Minnesota , where she was adopted by a couple . And they named her Lilith . No . Oh ! Aah ! Oh , you unzipped me . It 's all coming back . It 's all coming back . It 's all coming back , you understand ? ! I do n't like to think about it . Oh ! Oh , you unzipped me . Oh ! Oh ! This is me saluting you . Hmm . It 's interesting , our thing , is n't it ? Yeah ! Yeah ! Stag , stag , stag ! Stag , stag , stag ! Fantastic ! He 's okay . He 's fine . Two weeks . Yeah , it 's the old proverbial thunderbolt . Over trots this blonde bombshell . Yeah ! And then ? " What 's that about ? " Summer said . " Read on,'I said . Below the Sun Tzu quote was a typed list of eighteen names . 1 knew most of them . There were key battalion commanders from prestige infantry divisions like the 82nd and the 101st , and significant staffers from the Pentagon , and some other people .
L30	There was an interesting mix of ages and ranks . Not by any means . There were some rising stars in there . Some obvious choices , some off - beat mavericks . They belonged to people I had never heard of . I did n't know who Abelson was . He had a pencilled check mark against his name . Nobody else did . Where a control authority or control body has a substantiated suspicion that an operator intends to place on the market a product not in compliance with the organic production rules but bearing a reference to the organic production method , this control authority or control body can require that the operator may provisionally not market the product with this reference for a time period to be set by that control authority or control body . Before taking such a decision , the control authority or control body shall allow the operator to comment . However , if the suspicion is not confirmed within the said time period , the decision referred to in the first subparagraph shall be cancelled not later than the expiry of that time period . The operator shall cooperate fully with the control body or authority in resolving the suspicion . Welcome to Hell 's Kitchen . ( Announcer ) Tonight is family night in Hell 's Kitchen and the dining room is filled with some of the most finicky ... You 're vegetarian , right ? - Yes .
L31	Pasta ? No one told me I was cooking pasta on my side . I got the spaghetti down right now . Uh , baseball player . Yeah . Well , I had a tryout with the Yankees . You know what the Yankees are ? Uh , yes . Yeah . No . No . Yankee- Baseball . Baseball team . And the problem - pro - uh , problem - problem was that ... there was a fuckin ' kid there , and he was ... the fastest bastard . A fucking ton ! Yeah - Yeah . Well , it was in spring training ... and , uh , I - I saw this kid . I - and just immediately took the test for the cops . That kid was Mickey Mantle . 82 In the present case , moreover , it is apparent from the file that the Commission published a summary notice relating to the contested decision in the Official Journal of the European Union of 20 April 2002 , indicating the date of adoption of the decision , the Member State involved , the aid number , its title , objective , legal basis , the budget allocated to it and its duration . That notice also indicated that the authentic text of the contested decision , from which confidential information had been removed , could be found at the Commission 's website and , in that regard , mentioned the internet address permitting access to that text .
L32	Moreover , it is not contested between the parties that the text of the contested decision was indeed to be found on the website indicated . 84 It should be added , for the sake of completeness , that in the present case the application could not be out of time even if the subsidiary criterion of the day on which a measure came to the knowledge of an applicant had applied . 85 It is not disputed that although the contested decision can not be considered to have been validly notified to the applicant by means of the communication of 27 September 2001 ( see paragraph 76 above ) , the applicant was nevertheless informed of the existence of that decision at that date . Hence , in accordance with the case - law cited in paragraph 73 above , it was for the applicant to request the whole text within a reasonable period commencing on 27 September 2001 . 86 In the circumstances of the case , and taking account particularly of the fact that the e - mail of 27 September 2001 indicated explicitly that the contested decision would be published in the Official Journal of the European Union in the near future , it should be considered that the reasonable period for requesting communication of the complete text of the contested decision can not be shorter than the period needed by the Commission to publish the notice relating to that decision .
L33	It is common ground that the notice in question was published on 20 April 2002 , that is to say after the date on which the present application was lodged . The substance 88 The applicant maintains that the contested decision is unlawful , both as regards the subsidy for 1997 and the settlement subsidy and as regards the subsidy for 1998 . 89 The Commission , supported by the Kingdom of Spain , claims that each of these two aspects of the contested decision complies with the law . I - The subsidy for 1997 and the settlement subsidy 90 The applicant raises two pleas with regard to the subsidy for 1997 and the settlement subsidy . The first alleges infringement of the obligation to provide a statement of reasons . A - The plea based on infringement of the obligation to provide a statement of reasons 1 . Arguments of the parties 92 The applicant contends that , in spite of the fact that its complaints expressly mentioned the staff restructuring expenses charged to the 1997 financial year , the contested decision contains no specific statement of reasons on this point . ( 1 ) Directive 2004/18/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 March 2004 on the coordination of procedures for the award of public works contracts , public supply contracts and public service contracts ( OJ 2004 L 134 , p. 114 ) . That spot of heat in my phantom arms felt so real .
L34	Like grabbing the wrong end of a curling iron - my automatic response was to drop the scorching thing in my arms . But there was nothing in my arms . My arms were not curled to my chest . My arms were dead things lying somewhere at my side . " And you , what do you say ? The name , anyway . He seemed determined to complete his business immediately . Yuri had also forgotten how much energy Kevin Usher possessed . " Okay , then . Admiral Chin , you 're relieved of command and ordered to report back to the capital for a new assignment . It 's ridiculous to keep an admiral of your talent and experience running a provincial task force . Commodore Ogilve , you 're promoted to Rear Admiral and will be taking over from Admiral Chin here . Do n't get too comfy , though . I do n't think you 'll be here long . We can find somebody else to squelch pirates . Even somebody like Usher was n't completely oblivious to such things as " formalities " and " proper chain of command . " His grin seemed to widen , though , as if he took great pleasure in tweaking them . I liked you so much . I want you to know that . No , Joyce 's brother . Robbie Moore , the recruit , is Joyce 's brother .
L35	I mean , why lie ? I never lied to you ! " Omission is betrayal . " Yes . Oh , okay . Now you 're gon na tell me about betrayal ? No ? Everything I have I got through academics . I went to chicago 's first magnet high school , And now you 're the most elegant and popular woman in the world ! I do n't know about that . There 's carla bruni , queen noor of jordan ... They 're nothing compared to you . It 's not a contest . But if it were , I think we know how it would go . But before I was who I am today , I was a nerd . So the lesson is , children ... He 's our joe biden . Understood . Come on , now ! The analysis is based primarily on the 2005 national reports of the Member States , EFTA - EEA countries , and the acceding and candidate countries ( 3 ) . The references to countries in brackets are provided as examples of good practice and in order to facilitate mutual learning . Mr Pariza Castaños ( OJ C 80 , 3.4.2002 ) . Paddles and epi . His heart 's fine . It 's not gon na stay that way . She just ... ca n't stand to be around you . What about the snakebite guy ?
L36	Confirmed . It 's a timber rattlesnake . No , it 's not . I skimmed over that and the gender and the coloring . Jumped right to the name of the snake . So what do we do now ? He must have been bitten by a different snake . We go back and find it . Or you go online , and you find there 's only three poisonous snakes common in New Jersey : the copperhead , timber rattler and the coral . Come on , Max . Sit down . It 's all right . That 's not your real weakness , though , is it ? It 's not that you 're part alien ; it 's that you 're part human . Emotions . Friendship . Love . No . ! Trick photography , Max . It 's not real . It 's not real . ' XX ' can not be replaced . ' XX ' was not added . ' YYYY - MM - DD ' ' ai_family ' not supported ' ai_socktype ' not supported ' command ' ' command ' expected . ' environment ' ' for ' was called wrongly 's Hertogenbosch ' tung sten ' means ' heavy stone ' in Swedish . The old name ( and thus the symbol ' W ' ) was Wolfram , named after a mineral . ' } ' expected Yes , Mr. Mayor , but we 're being told by public works--
L37	I do n't want to get burned here . And I do n't want any of my guys getting burned . He 's got a fuckin ' wire up is what you mean . Just make sure you send me people who work . Governor was on y.p.r . Yesterday , and steiner laid him out for the state cutbacks . Health care for the homeless have asked for city hall 's steps tomorrow night . Candlelight vigil . Reporter there wants your comment on a story he 's workin about dobey , down in p.g . , looking to take you on in the democratic primary . Shit , we might have a full - blown p.g . Insurrection on our hands . An important leverage effect was also triggered under CIP through the Intelligent Energy Europe programme ( CIP - IEE ) . In 2013 those IEE projects aiming to short term impact received EUR 42 million from the programme . As a result , 165,000 tonnes of fossil fuel will be saved yearly , along with almost 500,000 tonnes of CO2 , and nearly EUR 500 million of investment generated . This leverage effect confirms the results of the final evaluation of IEE which found that the programme was relevant and useful , that it responded to the evolving needs , problems and barriers related to sustainable energy issues in Europe , and that overall its actions were of good quality .
L38	The BUILD UP Skills Initiative - Energy skills for building workers Thanks to the BUILD UP Skills initiative supported by the CIP Intelligent Energy Europe programme , 30 national project teams ( EU 28 + Norway and the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia ) gathered more than 1,600 organisations across Europe to define strategies for the training of building workers . According to the initial results , more than 3 million craftsmen would require up - skilling in renewable energy or energy efficiency in Europe to reach the EU 20 - 20 - 20 energy objectives . Each national project identified the main barriers for training the workforce and key measures to overcome these barriers . || 11.088 TOTAL appropriations under HEADING 5 of the multiannual financial framework || ( Total commitments = Total payments ) Dumping of imports during the RIP Normal value 20 . With regard to the two cooperating US exporting producers , normal value was established for each type of the product concerned , based on the price paid or payable on the domestic market in the USA by unrelated customers pursuant to Article 2(1 ) of the basic Regulation , since these sales were found to have been made in sufficient quantities and in the ordinary course of trade . Export price 21 . As in the original and in the previous review investigations , this investigation showed again that the two cooperating US exporting producers exported the product concerned to the Community via companies which are related .
L39	Allowance was made for all costs incurred between importation and resale , including selling , general and administrative costs and the profit realised in the Community by the importing companies during the RIP . With respect to profit margin , the actual profit of the related traders could not be used since the relationship between the exporting producers and the related traders made these prices unreliable . Their profit margin were thus set at a reasonable rate , not exceeding the actual profit margin obtained by the related traders and in line with profit margins used for the similar reasons in the previous review . Comparison 22 . The normal value was compared with the average export price for each type of the product concerned , on an ex - works basis and at the same level of trade . In accordance with Article 2(10 ) of the basic Regulation , and for the purpose of ensuring a fair comparison , differences in factors which were claimed and demonstrated to affect price and price comparability were taken into account . Adjustments were made for inland and ocean freight , deferred rebates , handling and packaging costs , credit costs and import duties , which were all deducted from the resale prices in order to arrive at an ex - works basis . Dumping margin 23 .
L40	I miss them . See ? We have something in common . Favorite hair removal ? Waxing . No . There 's something wrong with my body . What ? My legs are n't working . I 'm broken . Hey . Yikes . You look weird . So do you . That 's a lie . You always look beautiful . I could n't decide what kind of soda I wanted , so I had them put all six in one cup . Mm - hmm . Language of the case : French An action against the Commission of the European Communities was brought before the Court of First Instance of the European Communities on 22 April 2004 by Daniel Bauwens , residing in Brussels , represented by Sébastien Orlandi , Albert Coolen , Jean - Nöel Louis and Etienne Marchal lawyers , with an address for service in Luxembourg . I had no idea he was coming . Hector , please . We can still do this deal . You keep hearing what you want to hear . How do you know ? Please , let 's do this deal . ( Chase ) What the hell 's going on , Jack ? Shut up . You should n't have followed me . You 're with them ? You say he 's not with you ? Then kill him . Kill your partner . You want me to kill him ?
L41	Twelfth Ocean Administration GmbH Schottweg 5 , Hamburg 22087 , Germany ; Business Registration Document # HRB94573 ( Germany ) issued 18 Aug 2005 Owned by IRISL through Ocean Capital Administration GmbH which is an IRISL holding company . Convicted December 12th , ' 95 . That 's very considerate of you . But forgive me , I 'm cynical by nature . What do you want from me ? Your continued patience . Yes . Now you 're laughing at me . As I said , I 'm a cynical bastard . No one wants a riot . True . I would like to see my wife . Then we have a deal . L_2008299EN.01003401.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 299/34 DECISION OF THE REPRESENTATIVES OF THE GOVERNMENTS OF THE MEMBER STATES of 29 October 2008 on the treatment of documents of EU civilian crisis management missions and military operations THE REPRESENTATIVES OF THE GOVERNMENTS OF THE MEMBER STATES OF THE EUROPEAN UNION , Whereas : Insofar as documents of European Union civilian crisis management missions and military operations are not held by an institution , they do not fall within the scope of Community law regarding historical archives and public access to documents . Since such documents relate to the areas of activity of the European Union , it is appropriate that such documents be archived by the General Secretariat of the Council ( GSC ) . The system is breaking down . Explain that .
L42	That 's it , Hazel . Let me get this straight , Fiver . You want us to climb this , is that it ? Yes ! Come on , Pipkin ! Come and look . Them , uh , butch Filipino ladies . The little-- uh , the dwarf , uh , maid-- - The stabbers . You got a great crew . Everybody 's in . You got to lead the stand against the Earth Republic . Hello , my love . I see a bright light , a white , blinding light . The man who raped me . I did n't even tell my fiancé . Poor Connor had no idea . Yes . Did you know him ? Seriously ? Amanda ... You 're mine . What species ? Alternatively , if you have determined that there is no other kppp running , please click Continue to begin . Reset Modem MiniTerm - A terminal emulation for KPPP ( c ) 1997 Bernd Johannes Wuebben ( c ) 1998 Harri Porten ( c ) 1998 Mario Weilguni This program is published under the GNU GPL ( GNU General Public License ) File Modem Reset Modem Help Modem Ready Hanging up ... Resetting Modem Unable to open modem . The Council is ordered to bear , in addition to its own costs , the costs of the People 's Mojahedin Organization of Iran . The French Republic and the Commission are ordered to pay their own costs . Look .
L43	Nikita . Question is Nikita and who . The shell can be accessed from any terminal inside Division . Anyone with the code can bring up the shell . Wait . So this is how she 's been getting ahead of us . No . We proceed as planned . Birkhoff will monitor the shell , and we tell no one about this . Finally gotten ahead of Nikita . I 'd be like , " Boom , Mini - Me , Austin Powers , sex tape . " I 've never seen you bruv . What films you been in ? Have you seen Return Of The Jedi ? Who was you in that ? I was an Ewok . Those little bears ? They 're not bears . Bruv , they 're little bears . Right . Have you seen Willow ? No . Look , just press the buzzer , please . Thank you . Top one there . BUZZER RINGS ' Hello ? ' Warwick Davis . You saved these two characters a trip to the station . They want to report finding a body and losing it . Where ? When ? At my place about 7:00 . Why did you wait so long to report it ? You know better than that , doc . It was a curious sort of a body ... and then it was n't there anymore . I have a good mind to throw you both in jail .
L44	Turned up in a burning haystack ... on Mike Gessner 's south pasture two hours ago . But -- and if you are in an unfavorable situation , more sexually transmitted diseases , it can be one in 100 . But what we think is that it could be concurrency . And what is concurrency ? In Sweden , we have no concurrency . Vodka , New Year 's Eve -- new partner for the spring . Vodka , Midsummer 's Eve -- new partner for the fall . Vodka -- and it goes on like this , you know ? And you collect a big number of exes . And we have a terrible chlamydia epidemic -- terrible chlamydia epidemic which sticks around for many years . HIV has a peak three to six weeks after infection and therefore , having more than one partner in the same month You said you were trying to find her . I hope you 'll understand . " What the hell ? Listen , I think you need to read this whole e - mail resignation you sent . I think you 'll find it 's not that far off the mark . " My professional objectivity doubted . Well , if they were able to hack into your account to send that e - mail , I imagine they 've been reading them all . All to manufacture a resignation letter ? I - I do n't think so .
L45	I think it 's more of a ... like , a cover story , right ? CSI seeks revenge for the murder of her friend . Goes nuts , goes home , resigns . The normal value is usually taken to be a comparable price for the ' like' product on the domestic market of the exporting country . The term ' like product' is interpreted to mean a product which is alike in all respects to the product concerned or , in the absence of such a product , a product which closely resembles the product . Go get him , champ . Hey , gibbs . Is neal around ? No . He is not . Okay . Do you know where he is ? Yes . I mean , no . I mean , I might . Secretive . He 's at the rotterdam hotel , okay ? Confronting the guy you 're having an affair with , Who apparently is there with another woman . For operations when more than one cabin crew member is assigned , but only one cabin crew member is required , the operator shall nominate one cabin crew member to be responsible to the commander . ( b ) The senior cabin crew member shall have responsibility to the commander for the conduct and coordination of normal and emergency procedure(s ) specified in the operations manual .
L46	During turbulence , in the absence of any instructions from the flight crew , the senior cabin crew member shall be entitled to discontinue non - safety related duties and advise the flight crew of the level of turbulence being experienced and the need for the fasten seat belt signs to be switched on . This should be followed by the cabin crew securing the passenger cabin and other applicable areas . ( c ) Where required by OPS 1 . And it 's a really enigmatic painting , and one that I think we should locate in its making . It was made during a summer trip to the seaside with one of the great post - Impressionist painters , Signac , who was a Pointillist . And so you can clearly see the influence of that art , of the art of Seurat , of Signac , here . But this is not Pointillism . There are reds and purples and oranges . By the end of 2006 the programme was able to offer 10 events per month , including courses on informatics , lan- guage and health which are carried out in cooperation with the Adult Education Centre , in Hallein and the Voca- tional Training Institute , in Salzburg . The centre also offers an opportunity for female trainers who are just starting their career to gain experience by working there . In 2004 when the programme started , there were 22 members , and another 48 have since joined .
L47	By women of the region for women of the region A further important element of this project is the availabil- ity of counselling and coaching services which help to deal with some of life 's more distressing situations , and the fo- cus that they have on giving the right legal advice . How- ever , personal support and help during the early stages of a career are also becoming increasingly popular and al- ready during 2006 around 65 women were counselled and/or referred to experts . I need more agents . Would it change your mind if I say that 's exactly the wrong thing to do ? The whole place for 75 a month . Do n't get over - eager , now ; your rank reverts when this council is over , the roads are open , and we can clear some of these troops out of the city , and keep them out . Article 2 The information collected in accordance with Article 1 shall be used by Europol officials authorised to ensure compliance with Europol 's rules on data protection as well as the supervisory bodies referred to in Articles 23 and 24 of the Europol Convention only for the purpose of verifying the legality of retrievals from the computerised system of collected information referred to in Articles 6 and 6a of the Europol Convention .
L48	|| · Proportionality principle The Agreement will amend or complement provisions in bilateral air services agreements only to the extent necessary to ensure compliance with the law of the Union . || · Choice of instruments 342 || The Agreement between the Union and the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China is the most efficient instrument to bring all existing bilateral air services agreements between Member States and the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China into conformity with the law of the Union . How do you feel about playing Dracula ? No ! Molly , please do n't make me do this . Okay , fine . I 'm not gon na make you do anything , but I bet I could persuade you . You 're gon na have sex with me just to get me to do something I do n't want to do ? Is there a problem ? No . Oh . Oh , how about if we go as raggedy Ann and Andy ? I hate Halloween . It 's just kids being kids . You do n't want to know what I threw at cop cars when I was their age . See ? And it sticks to the bloody part . And voila , he 's done . You survived it . man : You have wives , so you are all right . Bitch . man : The 24th . man speaking native language :
L49	24th . man speaking native language : Oh , dear God . man : I should remember you . You never met me in person . Harry forbid it . Why ? He did n't want you to feel like you were-- Like you were sick . And I respected his wishes , even after he died . I could have used someone to talk to after Harry was gone . Someone who knew what I was going through . You wanted to talk about it ? I was young and I was all alone . Here it is . Lyle Sussman ? Sussman ? Code ' ZZ' stands for ' of other origin' . « Parental responsibility - General information | Germany - General information » Last update : 28 - 12 - 2006 In that connection , I would point out that the definition of the measures falling within the scope of the GATS is very broad . Uh , she said she was family . It 's okay . He 's a big one . Yeah . Sure . Sorry to barge in . What are you doing here ? Oh , I 'm running a program in your HR department . Yeah . I was . Sober living . I just moved back two weeks ago . And I got a job at a recovery center in Lathrop . We do a lot of hospital and corporate stuff , so ... - Oh . " Sir ? "
L50	He can go wherever he wants . It was you I 'm after . ... and Clu will rise . Dyson ! What do you think , Tron ? I made Dyson perfect again . Dyson ... I trusted you ! He betrayed us ! You 're wrong . Flynn betrayed us ... Now Clu is free to cleanse the Grid of the ISOs . I told you not to come back empty - handed . Just answer me one question . What a lovely surprise . Why did n't you let us know you were coming ? I did n't know . Dumbledore . But this is Hogwarts we 're talking about . He ca n't be trusted ! BELLATRIX : The Dark Lord 's mistaken . We must n't touch what is n't ours . As it so happens , I 'm aware of your situation , Narcissa . Make the Unbreakable Vow . It 's just empty words . He 'll give it his best effort . But when it matters most ... ... he 'll just slither back into his hole . Coward . All Agency revenue and expenditure shall be the subject of forecasts for each financial year , coinciding with the calendar year , and shall be entered in its budget . Article 24 Fees 1 .
L51	And together , brothers and sisters , together , we shall build a shining temple . A kingdom that will last for thousands and thousands of years . Get a hold of yourself ! Should 've left him in the ground . She never would 've known . She ca n't see everything . You want to know her name ? This is Calm 's Forte , 32 caplets of sleeping pills -- I forgot to tell you that . I just ingested six and a half days worth of sleeping pills . ( Laughter ) Six and a half days , that certainly is a fatal dose . Yes , very much . With your sort of face , it 's wonderful . What 's going on behind my back ? Nothing . Yes , but I do n't want you getting dishpan hands . - I like cooking . No , I always leave them on . Book her , Superintendent , will you ? And ... be careful of her nail varnish . You were the only one who 'd seen Strangways ' new secretary . And then later at the lab , you made no reference to the fact that Strangways ' samples were radioactive . Very clever , Mr Bond . You 're up against more than you know . Ca n't even see it . You 're right about the soap . Nicky . Nicky ! Are you crazy ?
L52	You put in all this time , you have all these hits ... ... and yet , you 're gon na just walk away ? And then I told them , my own kids ... ... I made up this thing where I told them I was really their uncle . Do what I wanted . I figured if I was n't home to put them to bed , they would n't feel deprived of a father . 200 mg Film - coated tablet Yes , I understand that Hank Jr. is writing a children 's book about a giraffe who learns he does n't have to work hard . But they say sometimes it skips a generation . I think you know my granddaughter . Sir , Kaylie is only 15 . Hank , please think about your other options . Jack , you 've done an excellent job with NBC . I admit I was skeptical when I first saw your fall schedule . Is this guy trying to tank the company ? " But , boy , you proved me wrong . The word is " racket . " Okay , " racket , " like a tennis racket . Sorry . Assessing needs of individual agencies against availabilities in the redeployment pool .................... 6 2.4 ........ Distinction between agency and Commission tasks and resources ................................................ 7 2.5 ........ Funding of European schools ...................................................................................................... 7 3 ........... Programming agency human and financial resources 2014 - 2020 .................................................. 8 3.1 ........
L53	23 September 2009 ( * ) ( Environment - Directive 2003/87/EC - Emissions trading system for greenhouse gases - National plan allocating emissions allowances for Estonia for the period from 2008 to 2012 - Respective powers of the Member States and the Commission - Equal treatment - Article 9(1 ) and ( 3 ) and Article 11(2 ) of Directive 2003/87 ) Wölker , acting as Agent , assisted by T. Tamme , lawyer , defendant , supported by United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , represented initially by Z. Bryanston - Cross , subsequently by L. Maurici , barrister , intervener , APPLICATION for the annulment of the Commission Decision of 4 May 2007 concerning the national allocation plan for the allocation of greenhouse gas emission allowances notified by the Republic of Estonia for the period from 2008 to 2012 , pursuant to Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 October 2003 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the Community and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC ( OJ 2003 L 275 , p. 32 ) , THE COURT OF FIRST INSTANCE OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES ( Seventh Chamber ) , composed of N.J. Forwood ( Rapporteur ) , President , D. Šváby and E. 23 . ( 2 ) OJ L 39 , 13.2.2008 , p. 14 . ( 3 ) OJ L 50 , 23.2.2008 , p. 17 . ( 4 ) No constitutional requirements indicated .
L54	Furthermore , with a view to a better integration of social and environmental considerations in the procurement procedures , contracting entities should be allowed to use award criteria or contract performance conditions relating to the works , supplies or services to be provided under the public contract in any respect and at any stage of their life cycles from extraction of raw materials for the product to the stage of disposal of the product , including factors involved in the specific process of production , provision or trading and its conditions of those works , supplies or services or a specific process during a later stage of their life cycle , even where such factors do not form part of their material substance . Criteria and conditions referring to such a production or provision process are for example that the manufacturing of the purchased products did not involve toxic chemicals , or that the purchased services are provided using energy - efficient machines . In accordance with the case - law of the Court of Justice of the European Union , this includes also award criteria or contract performance conditions relating to the supply or utilisation of fair trade products in the course of the performance of the contract to be awarded . Contract performance conditions pertaining to environmental considerations might include , for example , the delivery , package and disposal of products , and in respect of works and services contracts , waste minimisation or resource efficiency .
L55	Currency code - exchange rate margin Unique key for overdraft document VAT over norm Advance report is closed . Close advance report Excess of report amount . Operation canceled Remainder at the end of day : Voucher contains rows . Advance report overdraft . Yeah . Steve was so good - looking and he loved jazz and rock - climbing . He took me to nice places and gave me multiple ... Not like I have with you . You do n't ? No . Look ... But it has made me realise what 's most important to me . Seeing you at work every day , that was always the thing I looked forward to the most . You 're the smartest , most beautiful girl that I 've ever met . And I 'm completely and totally in love with you . That was great . Did n't hurt at all . I probably should n't tell you this , but this might be the best moment of my life . She says , " Yes , " like always . And the whole time , you 've been doing me like this . I 've been too polite to point out that at any time I want to , I could kick this damn door to splinters . And it was only 'cause I felt sorry for him . And it was only once . Stop ! It sounds like " stop , " but I ca n't be sure .
L56	McCarthy , you shit ! I 'll sign my letters " Cordelia . " Ten years ago , I hid them somewhere and I have n't been able to find them . Where did you look ? In my pocketbook . Nice , is n't it ? Yeah , it must have set you back a few shells . Not exactly . I need your help . Like old times . I always liked you . You liked me because you could use me . I can hear . Well , you told me about your business . Well , mine is a little more precarious , and I earn considerably more . Boys affiliated ? I 'll let your cousin know when your visiting hours are . I think we got your new official department issue ride . OCU sat on Kozi cabs for two hours . A residential building is about to be torched . He figured he 'd press the soldiers , use them to give Kozodav 's location . Monica got you up to speed ? I know . I should take the risk , but I shall be punished . By who ? My uncle beats me . He let Girdwood watch the last time . He thought the colonel should know how to treat a wife . There are marks on his study wall where he thrashes and the cane scratches the plaster . How dare he treat you so ? Yes , I fear it is my lot .
L57	I think he also envies you . Why ? How much would it be ? For Janka , nothing . I 'd have to pay you . Okay , we can work it out . Thanks . Goodbye . Goodbye . Bye - bye ... I 'll think of something ... A walkman . Well ... Okay ... You know I do n't eat sweets . Just take it . Thanks , Jasmine . How you going ? Pretty good now . Do you have any regular customers ? Yeah , one or two . Um ... Some truck drivers , contractors . Did any of them stay here around October 10 ? Um , let me just check for you . Ah ! Got one . It 's a William Smith . Do you happen to have a vehicle registration number ? No . He always left that part blank , actually . Do you remember what this William Smith looked like ? Poland 's position under the corrective arm of the Stability and Growth Pact ( excessive deficit procedure ) Trust me , they are cool . D\xA1d you just ment\xA1on " journal\xA1sts , " " cool " and " pos\xA1t\xA1ve " ... ... all \xA1n the same sentencew\xA1thout throw\xA1ng up ? It 's just qu\xA1te an oXymoron , my dear . is there go\xA1ng to be a problem today ? You are qu\xA1te an odd one , are n't you ? Are you color - coord\xA1nated ?
L58	No guidance is no standards . No standards is not consistency . So who came up with the menu ? This is American comfort food . Somebody 's dreaming here . It 's ridiculous ! Yes . You must stop ! Did I not warn you ? You can call it a peace offering . You want to attend ? Well , I 'm afraid that no invitation was lost because none was sent . Daniel has moved on . And maybe you should , too . This is n't about Daniel . Well , it may be Halloween , but certain ghosts are best left outside . It 's funny . The last time you spoke of ghosts was at Amanda 's funeral . How you wanted to protect your children so you do n't outlive them . You put it more elegantly , of course . You said that losing a child goes against the natural order of things . Well ... It 's no secret that I 'll do anything for my children . His eyes reflected the precious treasure which manifestly he saw , but realization of ownership had not yet become demonstrable .
L59	Happy days . Wo n't you join me ? My health does n't allow it . No , thank you . Medoc . " Very good brand . Here 's to it . Very refreshing . I 'm pleased you appreciate good wine . Have another glass . Is dinner ready ? Yes . Are you going to eat dressed like that ? Hallo ? Hi , Renata . Lisa ! What happened ? You left Portofino at 4 ! Where are you ? The car is broken and it 's raining . I am lodging in a farmhouse . Thanks . " What ? " said Hermione defensively . " If you ask me , " said Harry quietly , " McLaggen looks like he was Confunded this morning . And he was standing right in front of where you were sitting . " Hermione blushed . " Oh , all right then , I did it , " she whispered . I love her , but she is driving me crazy ! I quit the show . God , it 's almost like this Kabbalah crap does n't even work ! I have a message for Robert Charles Ryan ... ... soon to be ex - owner of the Standard Hotel . You got him . Last time we spoke , you hung up on me . You used some nasty words . I got sensitive ears . I thought I 'd be dead before I heard the sound that killed me .
L60	Now , you told me that your wife said that he called it Ocean 's 11 . Now , who decided that ? I 'm a private contractor . Ten seconds , okay , ten seconds you 'll have all your money . You just leave . No one has to get hurt , okay ? Stay with me . Use the Left / Right navigation buttons to select a city absolute neutrophil count ( ANC ) ≥ 1.5 x 109/l thrombocyte count ≥ 100 x 109/l common toxicity criteria ( CTC ) non - haematological toxicity ≤ Grade 1 ( except for alopecia , nausea and vomiting ) . During treatment a complete blood count should be obtained weekly . TMZ administration should be temporarily interrupted or permanently discontinued during the concomitant phase according to the haematological and non - haematological toxicity criteria as noted in Table 1 . concomitant radiotherapy and TMZ Absolute neutrophil count Thrombocyte count CTC non - haematological toxicity ( except for alopecia , nausea , vomiting ) a : TMZ discontinuation The applicant shall declare the compliance of the product with these requirements to the competent body . But I still got to find him . I 'm leaving . There 's nothing left for me here . You could come with me . I do n't care what you say . Belonging has got nothing to do with it . It 's just ... My lot , that 's all . Everything 's in place .
L61	There are a number of rules on jurisdiction under which cases can also be brought before a court other than the defendant 's competent court . Perfect . - Mm - hmm . A woman never appears more intelligent to a man ... than when she 's listening to him . The Phoenicians simply found the alphabet a very useful tool . The alphabet spread quickly . The Greeks adapted it with vowel sounds . The Hebrews used a version for their Bible . In fact , it 's thought that all today 's Western alphabets spread from here . Other cultures left behind palaces or pyramids . The Phoenicians left something far more impressive . Within 100 years of Sennacherib 's rampage through Judah , the Assyrians were a spent force ... making way for the next new empire , that of the Persians . And their most famous ruler was n't exactly a wallflower either . " I am Cyrus . Great king , mighty king . " King of the globe . " King of the four quarters of the Earth . " Michael ! Stevie , come on . Come on , Stevie . Remote user % 1!s ! on server % 2!s ! Chat Unable to get local target Can not create main window . File Transfer Client is shutting down . File Transfer received a request to send server information . File Transfer received a request to send drive information File Transfer sending file Information .
L62	File Transfer sending More File Information . Sequence Number Received an acknowledge / verify FT_EXISTENCE command . Sending file % s Creating file % s Okay , here 's where we go to the live shot of Times Square , nice work everyone that 's a wrap ! Or we could just follow your clever jokes ? any ideas ? Hmm , I wonder what I could get Monica that 's as good as garbage ? Hmm , how about my azzz ? Hey , this is hollow . No , do n't look directly at them ! What ? Alright , no , we could look at them ! although the basis of Article 29 TUE and 215 TFUE are justified when the Union institutions are enforcing the UN Resolution , they are not necessarily justified when administrative measures such as the freezing of funds of legal persons and non State entities are adopted ; the contested acts had to be adopted on the basis of Article 75 TFUE , thus involving the European Parliament in the framework of the co - decision procedure .
L63	Third plea in law , alleging that the contested decision and regulation were adopted in violation of the principles of equality and non - discrimination , since the similar decisions were adopted on another legal basis such as Article 75 TFUE , and thus with a framework containing judicial guarantees adopted by the European Parliament and the Council , which was not the case for the contested acts concerning the applicant . Fourth plea in law , alleging that the contested acts have been adopted in violation of the applicant 's rights of defence and , in particular , its right to have a fair hearing since : the applicant did not receive any evidence or documents to support the allegations of the Council , since additional allegation made in 2009 to the 2008 decision , and confirmed in 2010 , were very vague , unclear , arguably impossible for the applicant to respond to ; the applicant was refused an access to the documentation and the right to be heard ; the sufficient reasoning was not provided in regard to the contested acts , what violates the applicant 's right to effective judicial protection . And take me to my home Diplomacy or deception ? The Council of Neutral Systems speaks for over 1,500 worlds who want to stay out of the war . Now Jedi Master Obi - Wan Kenobi has been sent to Mandalore to discover the truth behind these claims . The Duchess awaits you , General Kenobi .
L64	Article 2 This Decision shall enter into force on the day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . Done at Brussels , 19 May 2015 . articles by this author | Name : Petr Macek login : pmacek access level : 0 - everyone Postal addresses : Litomyšl Czech Republic It is a mailing address . 6.25 . But they 're also saying that if it is 6.5 , you could get whiplash at that speed . Well , then you 've got whiplash . No , it 's can you actually look up your own arse now ? LAUGHTER Then you 've possibly got some whiplash . Oh , now , moving it on ... Careful , we 're in uncharted waters here . Yeah , well , apart from the original Willys Jeep , the first Toyota Land Cruiser and the original Land Rover . Apart from that ... Did I say that out loud ? You did and we all heard it . Yes , they should do . Balinor was about to object further when Hendel stepped forward shaking his broad head in disagreement . " The plan is fine as it goes , but we all know that the man who stays behind will have several thousand Gnomes attempting to track him down , or at best , waiting for him to come out of their taboo land .
L65	It must be me . They wo n't pass up the chance after such an affront . " " Hendel is right , " Balinor cut in sharply . Only Hendel knew that the decision the borderman had made , however distasteful , was the same one he would have made had their positions been reversed . " The choice has been made , and we will abide by it . Hendel will have the best chance to survive . " He turned to the stocky Dwarf warrior and extended a broad hand . The other gripped it tightly for a brief moment , then turned quickly from them and disappeared up the trail at a slow trot . " The door is locked , the window is inaccessible . " I had already considered that possibility . " " How then ? " I persisted . " You will not apply my precept , " he said , shaking his head . " How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible whatever remains , HOWEVER IMPROBABLE , must be the truth ? Whence , then , did he come ? " " He came through the hole in the roof , " I cried . He must have done so . He mounted the steps , and , seizing a rafter with either hand , he swung himself up into the garret .
L66	Then , lying on his face , he reached down for the lamp and held it while I followed him . The chamber in which we found ourselves was about ten feet one way and six the other . The floor was formed by the rafters , with thin lath - and - plaster between , so that in walking one had to step from beam to beam . No , thanks . He does n't know jack aboutcars . He does n't know jack about jack . Jerry , first you say the GTO . And that always , always leads to the unbelievably long discussion on the merits of the ' 57 Thunderbird . So how about I jump to the end and name the Thunderbird now so once in our lives we can stop picking cars ! What do you know . No , he did n't . He says we have the same eyes . Because of the holiday . But he said he'il come back some time soon . Good . The following spoke under the ' catch - the - eye' procedure : Elena Băsescu and Jaroslav Paška . The following spoke : Karel De Gucht and Carl Schlyter . The debate closed . Whistle Ocarina Lead 1 - Square Wave Lead 2 - Saw Tooth Lead 3 - Calliope Lead 5 - Charang Lead 6 - Voice Lead 8 - Bass+Lead Pad 2 - Warm Pad 4 - Choir Pad 5 - Bow Other Events Events around the world
L67	Calendar of sport events around the world Calendar of kayak events around the world Events in the Czech Republic Protected designations of origin Grapevine products categories : Liqueur wine ( Annex XIb to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1234/2007 ) There couÉd be a bonus . É do n't want anybody getting Éost . É do n't want haÉf the Army in on this deaÉ. Right , OddbaÉÉ ? Oh , yeah , man . Who is that guy , Crapgame ? His name 's KeÉÉy . Pretty good , too , untiÉ he was ordered to attack the wrong hiÉÉ . Somebody had to get the bÉame , and he got picked . Oh , man , É do n't Éike officers . So , creation ... is an ongoing process . And if you interfere with it , are n't you spitting in the face of God ? If you exploit your work force , If you kill and maim , throw people out of their homes , turn your back on the elderly , if you shut down schools and hospitals , force people out on the dole-- Yes . That 's what I believe . That 's my truth . That 's what made me become a priest , and makes me remain a priest . The peace of the Lord be with you always . And also with you . Let us offer each other the sign of peace . Peace be with you , son .
L68	Harry sat up quickly and the top of his head hit canvas . " S ' matter ? " he said . Dimly , he could tell that something was wrong . I designedthe exocomps to be problem solvers . When they perform a task they 've never done before , the microreplicator creates new circuit pathways in its memory . So in a sense , they are learning . Exactly . The more situations they encounter , the more circuit pathways they build . It 's very impressive technology , for sure . After the experimental stage , it'il be useful . Commander , I 'm hoping the experimental stage is over . When are we supposed to brief Capt Picard on the fountain ? 1600 hours . Good . I 'll have a proposal to make . I know you should give your evaluation to Starfleet today . I 'd like you to postpone the report for 48 hours . Bye . Turn on a light , Jake . Open a window . Go outdoors . Jesus Christ ! Why do n't you get out of the house this weekend , huh ? What should I do out of the house , Uncle Adam ? Anything that corresponds with reality . That all sounds kind of overrated . You do n't like it , you can move back in with your mom . Eun - whan , it 's the first snow . Sleep for 3 minutes . Only for 3 minutes .
L69	Now a testimonial will be presented . Award of Friendship for CHOI Eun - whan . Award of Friendship . CHOI Eun - whan . Whether sad , happy , or hurt you had always been there praying for us . We hereby present this to you . Feb 10 , 2006 Boram High School graduates CHOI Eun - whan . Congratulations . The inheritance is yours as of today . Are you kidding me ? It 's a gift from your grandfather . The measures mentioned in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be carried out by the Commission in cooperation with the supplier of the relevant antigens already stored in the European antigen bank . Why would I want to borrow your clothes ? It does look really good . The style 's a bit feminine , is n't it ? No ! Of course it 's too feminine , it 's a girl 's top ! Get away from him . Mike , do n't let them dress you up like a giant cock . Did you ? I did n't have to . We should talk . Is this too much ? Yes . Another truck comes , picks it up , and that 's it . So , where were you going with it ? It told me to deliver the case to address on M Street tonight . To who ? It just said a limousine will be waiting . No , never . McGee . Night watchman 's cell .
L70	Trace the last text . We got Dearing on the run . He 's changing his routine , trying to get his money out . Ugh . I ca n't believe this . No , we ruined it . Okay ? Accidents happen . What matters is how we go about fixing it . All right . Impressed ? You know , one of the things that I remember most about my mom ... Mm - hmm ? ... is she always said that boys should know how to bake . Ooh . Well , I hope she also taught you miracles , because Georgia 's wedding is in one hour . It 's all right . We 're gon na be good . Plus , when all else fails , icing is like spackle -- it fixes everything . Only for your wife and son will I do it . You need to move them out of here . God , man , were you kicked by a horse ? One of your men ... I believe his name is heckard . Oh . Yes , he 's upset at jessup 's passing . They were very close . I did not send heckard to your car last night . I want justice . This afternoon . I want more . Well , that 'll have to suffice . - I ca n't take any more of this , abby . Good idea . You do n't breathe anymore ? But today is Sunday .
L71	Yesterday was Saturday and we were together . I 'm sorry , Sir . Talk to me like yesterday . Sir , let me change rooms . Pierre , I 'm alone now . Far from you . I want you to come . I ca n't be alone ... I saw you yesterday . I miss you too . Understand that . I do n't want to . He picked up his brush and took a deep breath , focusing on what he saw . He did not turn when one of his sons came in , was shushed by his mother and sent outdoors . The sounds slid past him as his mind stilled , as the tensions of the past days slipped away . Now he was himself at last , serenely confident that his hand would obey his eye , that both would reflect the perceptions of his soul . And he knew that not the commissions , but this confidence in himself , was the true gift of Enas Yorl . Lalo dipped his brush in the paint and began to work . ' This had better be worth it ! ' she complained . ' My back hurts , and my arms are falling off . ' She flexed her shoulders and bent back and forth to ease the strain . Lalo blinked , trying to orient himself .
L72	I do n't know what to do this time . Whichever way somebody 's being sentenced to death . Take me away from them . You 've always been a good person , just help me now . The whole arm had broke ! Right guys , I 'd like to make a toast , so to Callie Sullivan - eight pounds , seven ounces , the most beautiful girl , on God 's green earth . If no collective agreement exists , this should also be indicated . Uhh ... there has to be kids to raise the grades . You wo n't like restarting the extra Literature class either . Why would n't there be any kids ? Even if some kids do n't want to , for the kids who are capable , should n't you at least bring their grades up ? Please display your abilities . It 's not only me who is saying this . You will have to reap good results here to ... have a comeback successfully , right ? I guess you must be slightly concerned when I talk to you seriously like this . No , I 'm doing this so that the kids can be happy . There 's definitely a reason ... What should we do with these late kids ? For warp of N threads of tex t , the length of a specimen of mass 1 g is 10 5 /Nt cm .
L73	This is Rudolph Gertz from Berlin . I never miss . Did you give my cigarettes to , uh ... Thanks . No problem . So , Winley , why did you come back ? I heard gunshots , and I realized I was probably going to die out there . You see anything ? Nothing . Nobody 's around . We ... Jerry . Jerry , you there ? What happened ? You three take point , the rest of you bring up the rear . Content such as satellite images , guides , weather and traffic information and related services are generated by third parties independent of Nokia . Yeah , it 'll be a damn shame to lose you three quibberdicks . Take it up , Bobby . Subject : The EU and multilingualism Answer from the Commission ( 21 June 2007 ) E-1576/07 ( ES ) by Raül Romeva i Rueda ( Verts / ALE ) to the Council ( 26 March 2007 ) Subject : Concern about the situation of environmental activists in Honduras Answer from the Council ( 30 April 2007 ) E-1577/07 ( ES ) by Raül Romeva i Rueda ( Verts / ALE ) to the Commission ( 26 March 2007 ) Subject : Concern about the situation of environmental activists in Honduras Answer from the Commission ( 16 May 2007 ) E-1578/07 ( DE ) by Renate Sommer ( PPE - DE ) to the Commission ( 26 March 2007 )
L74	Subject : European health insurance card Answer from the Commission ( 21 May 2007 ) E-1579/07 ( DE ) by Gabriele Stauner ( PPE - DE ) to the Commission ( 26 March 2007 ) Subject : Workplace safety rules in ports : toxic gas in containers Answer from the Commission ( 25 May 2007 ) Pneumonia including community - acquired pneumonia and nosocomial pneumonia Broncho - pulmonary infections in cystic fibrosis Complicated urinary tract infections Complicated intra - abdominal infections Complicated skin and soft tissue infections Acute bacterial meningitis Management of febrile neutropenic patients 40 mg / kg 10 or 20 mg / kg 10 or 20 mg / kg 10 or 20 mg / kg 40 mg / kg 20 mg / kg ( Where applicable ) ( Spencer ) ' No , no , no .. ' ' Today , their friend , Alison DiLaurentis ' ' whose murder conviction was recently overturned ' is about to address the public for the first time . Police are reminding viewers to report any information on Andrew Campbell 's whereabouts . The star athlete and honor roll student remains the top suspect in the kidnapping case and is presumed to be dangerous . Excuse me , Alison , Alison , one question . " One month ago , my friends were kidnapped " by a faceless , nameless coward . " And the same monster who attacked Mona Vanderwaal " and framed us for her murder .
L75	' " We now know that Mona is alive . ' " But she is in grave danger . " I 'm so thankful to be home with my family . But I would do anything to see my friends again . " My friends have always been my rock . Totally alone . After that call , if you ... maybe wanna go for a ... you know , break - up dinner ? Well ... hi , lazy . No , the results came back negative . - Good . I just ... I guess I just need some rest . Although ... I did find something else . So ... party at Pilar 's tonight ? True . You gon na ... take up t - ball , or ... You okay ? Dr. Blake , I have no evidence that you 've been insubordinate . The trigger was obvious-- he had had toy guns , as all children had , almost since infancy . Obviously , the two buttons near his thumb were meant to be instantly usable . The Republic of Turkey shall have the same rights and obligations in terms of day - to - day management of the operation as European Union Member States taking part in the operation , in accordance with Article 9(4 ) of Joint Action 2003/681/CFSP . What is the role of the judge and the parties in the hearing of a witness ?
L76	Under what conditions can a witness be heard via new technology such as television or videoconferencing ? The witness firstly is examined by a person who requested summoning the witness and by a representative of such person , and then by other participants in the proceeding . A judge will eliminate leading questions and questions irrelevant to the case . A judge is entitled to give questions at any moment of witness examination . If necessary , at the request of a participant in a proceeding or on its own initiative ( ex officio ) the court may re - examine a witness at the same session , call the examined witness to another session of the same court or confront witnesses ( Article 192 ) . According to the Article 177 of Code of Civil Procedure , legally obtained photo pictures , audio and video recordings may also serve as tools of averment . On the other hand , actual data comprising state or official secrets may not serve as evidences in civil proceedings until and unless they are made public in the statutory procedure . As a party to the case , will my own statement count as evidence ? « Taking of evidence and mode of proof - General information | Lithuania - General information »
L77	Good morning . Good morning . Coffee ? We 'll throw up then . Katrine ... Double ? Mette just called . Yes . I 'd like to talk to you . Yes . Hey ... sit down . Should I sit down ? Yes . There may be a disk or file system error . A scientist , Keffler . We 're holding him upstairs . He has n't been very talkative . Come on , let me show you why I called you guys down here . Wow . Nothing I 've catalogued as coming through the SGC . Who was that ? A Goa'uld who at one time was loyal to Ra . She was a powerful ally of his . He would dispatch her to rule planets in his stead . Quell rebellions , oversee executions . " And how we did ! Like always , old men send young men to war . They ought to make the minimum draft age fifty - five . That would put an end to warfare pretty quickly let me tell you ! " An alarm sounded and all the lights biinked . I looked at my watch . " This is it . The disembarkation hold was a red - lit hell of men , machines and equipment . I struggled between them to my command car which was poised at the top edge of the ramp . " They 're explosive , " Sergeant Blogh said .
L78	" They blow lobse as soon as the ramp drops . " " Seeing is believing . It is going to be very hard to drive out of here if they do n't . " Just as you ordered , sir . In the light of the foregoing , the answer to the second question referred for a preliminary ruling must be that Article 7 of Directive 2003/88 does not impose an obligation on the national court of a Member State hearing proceedings between individuals to disregard a national provision which makes entitlement to paid annual leave conditional on at least 10 days' actual work during the reference year where an interpretation in conformity with the directive is not possible . In formulating its third question the referring court clearly assumes a particular national legal framework that provides for an entitlement to annual leave of differing lengths according to the cause of the employee 's absence from work due to ill health , whereby it would seem that a distinction is drawn according to whether the cause was a work - related accident , an occupational disease , an accident on the journey to or from work or a non - occupational disease . We know he had to have access to their server and familiarity with their employees to frame both Peter and Tucker . We were looking at high - level staff with FBI clearance . Do you think we missed someone ? Widen the search , include all employees .
L79	One of them is our guy . Uh , Oli 's playoffs start next week . Do you think you might be able to make it to the games ? I 'll try . Work 's kind of crazy right now . You know , I forgot to ask you . Client 's happy ... so I 'm happy . Oh . Right . Come here , beautiful . As triple oral therapy in combination with - a sulphonylurea and metformin when diet and exercise plus dual therapy with these medicinal products do not provide adequate glycaemic control . What 's wrong with me ? You 're parked in a handicapped space . That 's not a handicapped space . Land this junk heap . Shut up ! You want off , you jump ! Kadaj is an avatar of Sephiroth . Larva ? Probably . I see . Let 's leave them alone . Someone explain it to me ! This is man talk . Sexist . " He 's still my friend . " I could hear the words in his voice , and he seemed to be agreeing with Edward - something that would never happen in reality . Does n't change anything . Sorry . I FELT ODDLY BUOYANT AS I WALKED FROM SPANISH toward the cafeteria , and it was n't just because I was holding hands with the most perfect person on the planet , though that was certainly part of it .
L80	Maybe it was the knowledge that my sentence was served and I was a free woman again . Or maybe it was n't anything to do with me specifically . Maybe it was the atmosphere of freedom that hung over the entire campus . School was winding down , and , for the senior class especially , there was a perceptible thrill in the air . Freedom was so close it was touchable , taste - able . Posters crowded together on the cafeteria walls , and the trashcans wore a colorful skirt of spilled - over fliers : reminders to buy yearbooks , class rings , and announcements ; deadlines to order graduation gowns , hats , and tassels ; neon - bright sales pitches - the juniors campaigning for class office ; ominous , rose - wreathed advertisements for this year 's prom . The big dance was this coming weekend , but I had an ironclad promise from Edward that I would not be subjected to that again . What the fuck ? . What the fuck ? . Fuck , no ! Two were DOA at the scene , Officer Cavanaugh pronounced en route . My last guy Lonnie Mercer 's up in surgery now . Being assembled . Smitty 's on point . Forty years wading through shit like this , watching our guys die . See also integrated guideline ' Ensure employment - friendly wage and other labour cost developments' ( No 21 ) .
L81	This is really good . I - I ... I did n't sleep last night . Mr Zhang said you are special , special customer . And ... this . So tight . You never been to a place like this before ? Sometimes old men who have lost their wives , they come here ... all the time . I am so old ? No ! I mean I am young . Anyway ... I 'll make you young as well . Whore . ' Dear Grace . ' I write this letter to you with a heavy heart . ' I know exactly what you did , and with whom . ' I will not mention any of it in my report . Got my vote . - 12 o'clock . That 's his campaign manager . - Fix me up . - How do you even know he 's gay ? That 's enough . Please ? Great , now I 'm a first lady and a pimp . Hey , excuse me . Keep going . He 's not gay . I could have sworn he was . I realized I was getting good at politics . Somebody brought Bob . The rest is history . I love that ! one woman 's trash is another woman 's treasure . Is Lauren home ? Oh , you know what ? You just missed her . She went home to get away from her erk boyfriend .
L82	Thanks . Hey , Mom ? Mm - hmm . Why did you and Dad split up ? Because I kicked his lazy ass out . Yeah , but why ? And he was lazy . NAME OF THE VETERINARY MEDICINAL PRODUCT Telmisartan Teva Pharma is provided in peelable perforated unit - dose aluminium - aluminium blisters and perforated unit - dose aluminium - aluminium blisters containing 14x1 , 28x1 , 30x1 , 40x1 , 56x1 , 60x1 , 84x1 , 90x1 , 98x1 , 100x1 tablets for each type of blister presentation , although not all pack sizes may be marketed . We just broke up . Some life you lead . It 's from the air here . Keep your hands off her ! Goodbye . No problem . Hi ! -Hi , Dad . We 're glad you 're here . Why are you like this when Dad and I are so happy ? Yes , you are . Do not apply suction until each washing liquor has drained under gravity . Finally , drain the remaining liquid with suction , dry the crucible and residue , and cool and weigh them . Marston lost and now we get a bye . Nice . Who we got here ? You know , now that your season is over , you can finally get with a winner . Marston lost ! Who cares ? You do , we beat Bernard twice . Whoa , what 's u p ? You monster ... Why ...
L83	Fuck ! ! Captain ! Captain , get yourself together ! Fire ! Even though you ensured that Fu 's death would not be in vain , I ca n't even do a thing to help you . Give me ammo ! That was the last round ! I 'm out too ! Roger ! Subject : Cost of travelling between Brussels and Strasbourg Answer from the Commission ( 11 March 2010 ) Hemet , California , sir . Here . I take it you did n't get to be a marksman putting food on your mama 's table . No , sir , we have a Safeway back home . Where 'd you learn to shoot ? Boy Scouts , sir . Are you kiddin ' me ? No , sir . When did you get pulled in ? He came acrossas one of those idealistic types-- you know , a little bit of an attitude ? Starts out trying to see what he 's made of , and ends up not liking the view . Who was the target , Muir ? And I understand that and you just need to take a big daddy breath , dial the number and say hello . I do n't know what you think is going on . Well , I can see a man who 's really scared and frightened and angry . You 're okay . Knowing just that is not good enough .
L84	It 's .. - Marry me . - Oh , God . I 'm fed up .. - Oh , no , no , no , no , no . Relax , I 'm joking . - Please do n't die . Liar . Liar . Bum on fire . Liar . Liar . - Are you challenging me ? If you can show me one place or thing in this city .. .. that I have n't seen before then .. You 'll marry me . How 's business ? It sucks . ... which will be tomorrow . Marcus Octavius leads 2,000 legionnaires . I swear , I swear , they will pay for this . I will revenge you all . They 'll be coming back . Nonstop , nonstop ... ticket to your destination ... Wait ! Yo ! Hey ! Wait up ! This is all it takes . Now , let us build our perfect world together Are we ready to listen ? What ? Gone where ? He 's up there . Forget about it , ok ? Good . Get a job . We got it , you 're cooking now . And I literally think that you owe it to all of them to get your ass back on the air . So what ? Those are the guys that are dying . What you do is important to a lot of people . Enough bullshit . I 'm out of here . See you .
L85	I am okay . This is life , live or dead , everyone would experience the same thing . It is like horse racing . Some can run a long race , some run a short race . Some run fast , some run slow . After the race , they go back to the stables . Look , there is one solution . What ? Drive out to Mrs. Buttle , let her sign the back of the check . She can cash it at the corner sweet shop . That 's brilliant , Sam . What 's the address ? Everything 's in here . Uh , w - what should I do next ? Pink and blue receipts . Sign there , there and there . And sign the check there . Yes . I think I 've broken a bone . Look , my wrist is all limp . What a pathetic creature I am ! So , do you know who dropped that mutagen on you ? No , but one day we 're gon na find him and force him to make our master human once more . So , what do you think ? She wanted to be with her own people . Here , sir . some sugar for a little boy . very good food . I go with you . And so we went away from that place where my mother left , just my father and i
L86	He wanted me to with him , but as grew up he began to bother his consiousness I was not getting into schooling . he wanted me to have He did n't realize , as I do now , that no schooling of body and charactor could eaqual those early years with him in wilderness . A sound of that door closing . was like a door closing on my life . My pony was fast and I knew how to ride it . Dad looked at me and smiled . He agreed that my learning and doing could wait untill next year . Something is fearfully amiss that a haril has approached us . " What are they ? " Vanye asked . " How much can you understand of what it wants ? " It 's most kind of you . My husband is so particular and gets so annoyed with dear Deirdre when the household does n't go smoothly . One ca n't expect men to understand how difficult everything is nowadays - I - " Mrs Wetherby spoke to someone entering the room , and though she had placed her hand over the receiver Poirot could hear her slightly muffled words . " It 's that little detective man - knows of someone to come in to replace Frieda .
L87	- General context This proposal is made in the context of the implementation of the basic Regulation and is the result of an investigation which was carried out in line with the substantive and procedural requirements laid out in the basic Regulation . Council Regulation ( EC ) No 769/2002[2 ] of 7 May 2002 imposing a definitive anti - dumping duty on imports of coumarin originating in the People 's Republic of China . Council Regulation ( EC ) No 2272/2004[3 ] of 22 December 2004 extending the definitive anti - dumping duty imposed by Regulation ( EC ) No 769/2002 on imports of coumarin originating in the People 's Republic of China to imports of coumarin consigned from India or Thailand , whether declared as originating in India or Thailand or not . Commission Decision ( EC ) No 3/2005[4 ] of 3 January 2005 accepting an undertaking offered in connection with the anti - circumvention investigation concerning anti - dumping measures imposed by Council Regulation ( EC ) No 769/2002 on imports of coumarin originating in the People 's Republic of China , by imports of coumarin consigned from India or Thailand , whether declared as originating in India or Thailand or not .
L88	- Consistency with other policies and objectives of the Union Not applicable . Yes , but you also love my negative social status . I ca n't pass judgement . I just think so . I love not only you , but also your name and your numeral . After all , it 's part of what you are . Oh , how can you do it ? What ? That 's what it 's about , preppy . How are you , son ? I 'm OK , sir . Yes . I called you , remember ? - Yes . Congratulations . Based on the principle of shared management between the Union and the Member States and regions , this regulation sets out a renewed programming process , based on Community Strategic Guidelines for Cohesion and their follow - up , as well as common standards for financial management , control and evaluation . The reformed delivery system will provide for a simpler , proportional and more decentralised management of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund . Corrigendum ( 01/09/2006 ) : Corrigendum ( 07/06/2007 ) : Corrigendum ( 26/06/2007 ) : Corrigendum ( 12/11/2008 ) : ( CE ) 1341/2008 ( 18/12/2008 ) : His Excellency , Franz Joseph , Emperor of Austria . We are greatly honoured that Your Majesty has deigned to grant us an audience . You 've applied for the directorship of the Imperial Court of Theatre of Vienna . Hmm ?
L89	Diseaced , Your Majesty . In 1875 , I enrolled at the Conservatoire of Vienna . Two years after that , I won the composers ' competition with a piano quintet . Your achievements in that field do not concern us . We 're in need of a director of opera . Not a composer manqué who would utilise the position to ensure performances of his own second - rate symphonies . What are you wearing , Dave ? DAVID : You all right ? MRS . MCFLY : We need a rematch . MR . MCFLY : MR . MCFLY : Hit your head ? ' Morning . DAVID : Wrecked ? When did this happen ? Why was n't I told ? MR . MCFLY : I 'm sure the car is fine . Your first novel . MR . MCFLY : I 've always told you , if you put your mind to it , you can accomplish anything . Is everything all right ? Summary of advice received and used The main conclusion is that there is a broad consensus on the existence of potentially serious risks with irreversible consequences . More concrete technical aspects included the following : Containment should be dealt with separately . Stocking based on aquaculture and classic aquaculture should be covered by this legislation . A risk assessment approach incorporating mitigation and protective measures should be included in the procedure , specifying who is to carry out and who is to evaluate the risk assessment .
L90	The regulation should not be over - prescriptive , so that detailed management is left to the Member States . There is a need to develop European expertise on quarantine stations . GMOs should be included , and triploids should not be regarded as harmless . The proposal is largely based on these opinions , but GMOs were excluded from the scope as they are already covered by existing and developing Community legislation in the field . Awesome . Thank you , that was great ! Hilly meant he was accident - prone , but no one had taught him this valuable phrase yet . When he was eight - two years after David was born - he brought home a note from Mrs. Underhill , his third - grade teacher , asking if Mr. and Mrs. Brown could come in for a brief conference . week , Haven 's third - graders had been given IQ tests . Bryant was secretly convinced that Mrs. Underhill was going to tell them Hilly had tested far below normal and would have to be put in remedial classes . Marie was convinced ( and just as secretly ) that Hilly was dyslexic . Neither had slept very well the night before . What Mrs. Underhill told them was that Hilly was completely off the scale - bluntly put , the lad was a genius . Can we-- Can we please get out of here ? I 'll take the check .
L91	Quotas for imports from third countries , for free circulation in Spain , of a maximum quantity each year of 2 million tonnes of maize and 300000 tonnes of sorghum shall be opened on 1 January of each year . Imports under those quotas shall be effected as provided for in the following Articles . " What did Mommy say ? Patient being prepped for the venous sampling ? Yeah , a mentally ill patient is right on track for a pointless procedure . Yeah , we get your objection . Foreman . Are you sure ? Check it again . How would you know that ? Because that 's what rifampin does . She 's not on antibiotics . And if that label were accidentally on a bottle of antibiotics , and if that bottle were accidentally left in her room ... You set her up ? Might have . It 's Munchausen 's . Yeah . It was six weeks ago . It 's yours . I want andrew 's room . He wo n't . Like you said , I 'm all you have left . Atlantic city ? Yeah , it 's last minute , but jerry got a great deal on a suite at one of the casinos , and a bunch of the old gang is coming in from new york , and god , it 's been forever since I have been , so how could I turn that down ? No !
L92	I am up for a top spot with jerry 's firm , huffington promotions . And if you do n't believe me ... You can call the c . E.O. Himself . I am ... So happy and i'so relieved . Did you think I was cheating ? I thoughtthat your knowledge ... You know what you look like , with your good bag and your cheap shoes ? You look like a rube . Nutrition has given you some length of bone ... ... but you 're not more than onegeneration from white trash ... ... are you , Agent Starling ? The accent you 've tried so desperately to shed ... ... pure West Virginia . I know how quickly the boys found you , all those tedious , sticky fumblings ... ... in the back seats of cars , while you dreamed of getting out . You see a lot , doctor . But are you strong enough to point that ... ... high - poweredperception at yourself ? What about it ? Why do n't you look at yourself and write down what you see ? Or maybe you 're afraid to . I need you to leave now . Reach down , yank the scrotum up into the abdominal cavity and saw off the testicle . There 's a 40 percent chance we 're going to have to amputate the penis . Had you going . It 's painless . The procedure takes about an hour . You know ?
L93	Elderly population ( > 65 years ) No dose adjustment is required ( see section 5.2 ) . Paediatric population There is no relevant use of ibandronic acid in children below 18 years , and ibandronic acid was not studied in this population ( see section 5.1 and 5.2 ) . Method of administration For intravenous use over 15 - 30 seconds , every three months . Probably they were religious , he thought , and Mother had approved of the quieter religions , provided the gods were n't foreign . They gave him rabbit stew . And when he looked over the shoulder of a man sitting quietly at a small folding table , he saw a book full of numbers , all written down . He liked numbers . They 'd always made sense in a world that did n't . Diclofenac sodium 100 mg Diclofenac sodium DICLOFENAC EG RETARD 75 MG 800 mm stripline testing Appendix 1 - Figure 2 : In parallel , capacity building not only relates to individuals , but also to structures that can enable and empower individual and group action . You know , we do have people here in the hospital who could do that . But I like doing it . I think Mike would want me to . Well , how long until you can do another one ?
L94	I do n't want to tell you not to be optimistic , but- look , I know it 's been six months , but he could still come out of it , right ? Susan- do n't say it . You just keep doing your job , and I 'll keep doing mine . Well , clearly . Hi ! Hi , hi , hi . It 'll be even nicer when they finish the construction . That 's so ... Bree of you . I 'm not being coy . She said coyly . That means he 's good in the sack . I must talk to her . I walked into the garden ... and asked why she 's been avoiding me . Perhaps because she did n't want you to see her while she was ill . Do n't force the issue when she 's feeling as she does now . What 's wrong with her ? What 's come over her ? A girl about to be married should be in great spirits . I 'm sure it 's nothing serious . In a few days , when she 's feeling better ... she'il be a different person . Keep out of the sight and reach of children . The Discovery Channel 's gon na film it . Heh . Who 's gon na watch that ? Unfortunately , the sad fact remains ... ... that most of these little guys wo n't live to see the Fourth of July .
L95	So , you 're saying that because I did n't name you as Jake 's guardian , you 're switching your medical power of attorney from me to Charlie ? Pull . Yeah , got to go . Hey , where have you guys been ? Ate the hamburgers , wearing the hats . Okay . Bought what ? Dude , you can forget about a life of crime . Octa-1,5-dien-3-ol EFSA' the entry concerning FL No 02.211 is replaced by the following : Undeca-1,5-dien-3-ol EFSA' the entry concerning FL No 02.229 is replaced by the following : " very lightweight plastic carrier bags " shall mean plastic carrier bags with a wall thickness below 15 microns which are required for hygiene purposes or provided as primary packaging for loose food when this helps to prevent food wastage ; 1e . " oxo - degradable plastic carrier bags " shall mean plastic carrier bags made of plastic materials that include additives which catalyse the fragmentation of the plastic material into micro - fragments . in Article 4 , the following paragraphs are inserted : ' 1a . Member States shall take measures to achieve a sustained reduction in the consumption of lightweight plastic carrier bags on their territory . Those measures may include the use of national reduction targets , maintaining or introducing economic instruments as well as marketing restrictions in derogation from Article 18 of this Directive , provided that these restrictions are proportionate and non - discriminatory .
L96	CGD 's lending capacity is unaffected by the sale of the insurance business , the sale of remaining non - strategic holdings , the repayment of ex - BPN debt , and the run - off of non - core credit in Spain . The deleveraging efforts are hence well targeted , as they enable CGD to focus on its core retail banking operations and release funds that can strengthen the core capital of the bank whilst avoiding the potential negative effects of deleveraging for the Portuguese economy . In the same vein the Commission takes note of the commitment by CGD vis - à - vis the Portuguese Government to allocate EUR 30 million per year to a fund that will in turn invest in equity of SMEs and mid - cap corporates in order to secure financing to the real economy in Portugal . There is nothing in that commitment which can give rise to an additional advantage to CGD , and therefore the Commission does not need to consider further the status of that commitment in the present decision . As regards the sale of CGD 's insurance activities , it is necessary to restructure Caixa Seguros in order to improve its marketability , as set out in CGD 's restructuring plan . In particular in view of the fact that the operations in Spain have been unprofitable for some time already and were contributing negatively before the financial crisis started , a decisive approach is needed to tackle that problem .
L97	CGD therefore came to the conclusion that restructuring the Spanish operations is the best option from an economic point of view . The Commission reckons that the restructuring of the Spanish operations in the current macroeconomic context will be a difficult undertaking but at the same time acknowledges that the alternative approaches could be more costly . The Commission notes positively that the wholesale activities have been stopped and that BCG will in any case run - down a sizeable portfolio of non - core assets of its Spanish operations , significantly reduce its footprint in Spain by nearly [ 50 - 60 ] % and is exploring possibilities to save costs by using services available in the group . This is ridiculous . Yes , sweetie , if you need sugar , cream ... Gosh , look at you guys . Jason made the most amazing quiches . We 've got quiche Lorraine , and spinach , too . Oh , I got it , yeah . They 're really great and hot , so dig in . It 's all right , buddy . Hey , Jule , can you take him ? Oh , you 're such a faker . Oh , you 're okay . Why do n't you check him ? Where there are indications that the sums of cash involve the proceeds of fraud or any other illegal activity adversely affecting the financial interests of the Community , the information shall also be transmitted to the Commission .
L98	Member States shall notify the Commission of such exchanges of information where particularly relevant for the implementation of this Regulation . It shall not be disclosed by the competent authorities without the express permission of the person or authority providing it . The communication of information shall , however , be permitted where the competent authorities are obliged to do so pursuant to the provisions in force , particularly in connection with legal proceedings . Any disclosure or communication of information shall fully comply with prevailing data protection provisions , in particular Directive 95/46/EC and Regulation ( EC ) No 45/2001 . And I know that we are gon na talk about this endlessly in the future , But right now , you have to go outside And make sure that jim does not get back on that road That 's who he is , is n't he ? Ok . Stop . Go . Got my best friend back . Ok , quit your blubbering . You made me blubber . You got any lip gloss ? No , if it 's jim , I do n't need lip gloss . Do you know how lucky you are ? Can somebody help me here ? The competent authorities shall identify practices where a realistic assessment of doses to members of the public shall be carried out . I do n't agree with your war . '
L99	My parents only fucked once in their life . That 's why we 're twins . They did n't want to make it twice . Hey Joe ! Where are you going with that gun in your hand ? Hey Joe ! Where are you going with that gun in your hand ? European Bank for Reconstruction and Development EN He followed cautiously , ready for trouble . When applying for registration as referred to in the first subparagraph of paragraph 2 , the processor intending to export or dispatch processed products in accordance with Articles 16 or 17 , must declare his intention to engage in this activity and indicate the location of the processing plant.' The title of Chapter VI and Articles 16 , 17 and 18 are replaced by the following : Orders Mr Eklund to bear his own costs and to pay those incurred by the European Commission . Now we 'll all have to do that . Stephen ? Come on . It 's time to stop talking down to our readers . Yes , I know the twits sell , but , Ned , you hired me for a reason . Let me do my job . " I always have been , " said Seldon . " I would like to see you here in my Library office at 4 P.m . , day after tomorrow . Can you manage that ? " " I have to work . " " Call in sick if you have to .
L100	" Well , I 'm not sure , sir . " " Do it , " said Seldon . " If you get into any sort of trouble over it , I 'll straighten it out . And meanwhile , gentlemen , do you mind if I study the Galaxy simulation for a moment ? It 's been a long time since I 've looked at one . " They nodded mutely , apparently abashed at being in the presence of a former First Minister . One by one the men stepped back and allowed Seldon access to the Galactograph controls . Seldon 's finger reached out to the controls and the red that had marked off the Province of Anacreon vanished . How beautiful . Only the most beautiful emeralds ... ... contain that miracle of elusive blue . A king . A great king ? No , a little one . Great kings do not give very large stones . Why not ? Who ? But it does n't matter who gives them ... ... as long as you never wear anything second - rate . Wait for the first - class jewels , Gigi . Open your mouth . How could you have told me to take a room at the Meurice knowing she was there ? " " That 's easy to answer . " Carlos still trusts me .
L101	Were it not for the Deuxième officer , you 'd be dead . " " How can you reach him ? " " I can not myself . Who does n't fidget in school ? Hold it . He 's a kid who made a mistake , and he 's gon na pay for it . Come on . Admiral Nimetts had no battleships in shape for the fight . This scheme can not be considered a permissible duty drawback system or substitution drawback system within the meaning of Article 3(1)(a)(ii ) of the basic Regulation . There are at least three guardians out there , okay ? Nikita , I just got here . I ca n't leave you now . This is n't about us . Yeah , she does . I put a tracker on his car . You realize every law - enforcement agency in the region is on high alert , and you 're chasing Ari Tasarov into the heart of Gogol territory ? You do n't even know where he 's headed . Yes . But it 's the right thing to do . You 're right . Come here ! Hit my ass ! ( e ) Inland ECDIS shall use chart information as specified by Sections 2 and 3 of these technical specifications . Okay . Voltaire , Candide . Are you actually reading it ? I thought I was . Sorry I bailed . Jaden had a fever .
L102	And the best part is I can drink it . I pumped before I came . So did I. It 's hard to prove that I was only trying to burn my ex - girlfriend 's stuff and not the entire house . It raises , first , the question - which was answered in the affirmative in the C judgment - whether the regulation applies to measures of taking into care and placement of children which are classified in national law as public law measures . In particular , a more precise explanation is needed of the concept of the ' habitual residence' of a child , which is the primary connecting factor for international jurisdiction . Other questions relate to the power of a court which does not have jurisdiction over the substance of the matter to take provisional measures . II - Legal context A - Community law 3 . Recital 12 in the preamble to Regulation No 2201/2003 explains the reasons for the relevant rules of jurisdiction : ' The grounds of jurisdiction in matters of parental responsibility established in the present Regulation are shaped in the light of the best interests of the child , in particular on the criterion of proximity . This means that jurisdiction should lie in the first place with the Member State of the child 's habitual residence , except for certain cases of a change in the child 's residence or pursuant to an agreement between the holders of parental responsibility.'
L103	What do I do now ? CHAPTER III PROCEDURES 6 . Prior notification without discussion A Participant shall notify all other Participants at least 10 calendar days before issuing any commitment covered by the scope of this Sector Understanding in accordance with Annex V to the Arrangement . CHAPTER IV REVIEW 7 . Trial period and monitoring a ) During the 2-year trial period , the Participants shall review the operation of this Sector Understanding to consider the experience gained . These financial terms and conditions shall be discontinued at the end of the Trial Period unless the Participants agree upon one of the following : to continue the Trial Period , with any necessary enhancements / modifications , or to cement the financial terms and conditions in the Arrangement , with any necessary enhancements / modifications . c ) b ) Geothermal energy . c ) In exceptional cases , for example in the event of an application relating to a very long document or to a very large number of documents , the time limit provided for in paragraph 2 may be extended by 15 working days , provided that the applicant is notified in advance and thatreasons are given . My God . One gentle push while the good brother fished the river was all that was needed . He struggled but the weight of his robes trapped him down . God forgive us all . Previously on Mad Men . Tell them I want a partnership . Not silent .
L104	I 'll see you in two weeks . Jaguar is calling the president every agency well that is terrific news . Application of the Protocol may be suspended at the initiative of one of the Parties if the dispute between the two Parties is deemed to be serious and if the consultations held within the Joint Committee under paragraph 1 have not resulted in an amicable settlement . What 's the problem ? He thinks he 's coming inside to use the bathroom . In and out , okay ? Thank you . Oh . Hello . Hi , Harry . Hi . I 've been waiting for this day ever since ... your name came on the schedule months ago . Oh , I - I do n't want to bother you . I spent a lifetime in anger- toward my father . Ryan , I swear , I do n't know them . Shut this dog up or I will . Come on . This is all your fault . How come , every time I follow you somewhere , - I lose my wallet ? Stop yelling at me ! I just had a gun jammed in my face , you insensitive prick ! Have you any idea how terrifying that is ? Ryan , Ryan , something 's wrong . I ca n't ... I ca n't smell anything . Maybe I just need something stronger . Nothing . Jesus , what the hell ? ? Nothing .
L105	How do we know it is n't you Captain ? What about that freezo gun you had ? You destroyed it ! What we need is some way to kill the virus , now , while we 've got it trapped here . Yes , an antibody . Zhaan said that she could make one . You willing to try that ? I 'm willing to try anything . You realise I do n't have the components I once did . I figure with such high acidity , I need something that will adjust the body 's alkaline levels , and bump up each species ' natural immune system . Not so well at all . More headaches ? Worst one yet . I 'll be taking her over to Vicksburg next day or so for some tests . Head x - rays and who knows what else . Truth to tell , so am I. DOE on Bitterbuck . You did n't come down here to hand me a DOE . Is it true you ordered Percy Wetmore off the block ? We did n't know anything either ... ... who our parents were , how we got there . All we had was each other . Two people took us in ... ... gave us names , made us part of their family ... ... something I 'll always , will always , be grateful for .
L106	So , uh ... ... to Jesse . Welcome to the family . I think you'il find it 's going to be an interesting experience . And to Isabel ... ... I love you ... ... I trust you ... ... and I wish you all the happinessin the world . To Jesse and Isabel . To Jesse and Isabel . Hit it . Oh , I 'm willing to put up with that . Oh , it certainly must to attract all those Colombian drug lords . Where is he now ? He 's in plastics ... orpaper , depending on what you want your groceries in . Wine ? And when they cut into the alligator 's stomach , not only was the guy 's arm still intact , but it was still holding his golf club . That led directly to the alcoholism , which probably had something to do with him threatening the president . Boy , is that a bitch on the old résumé . That humidity ... your hair ? I think it 's a recipe for cotton candy . Here we go , everybody . To Terrence and Crystal , The rock shuddered , and a piece - about an eighth of the mass - broke off at an invisible fault line and crashed to the ground . It fell on Emmett 's foot , and I snickered . I could hear Jacob 's and Edward 's muffled laughter . Emmett kicked the rock fragment across the river .
L107	" Hey , whatever makes you happy , big brother . " Ruth slept until one o'clock Wednesday afternoon . She got up with the lingering remains of her headache , but two Anacin took care of that . By five she felt better than she had for a long time . Do you know when I first heard this song ? It was --I do n't know -- maybe a couple summers ago . I mean , all-- all the craziness , you know ? That 's great , Gabe . # After the ambulances go # # is Cinderella sweeping up on # What is that ? It 's insane , you know ? I mean , this -- this is a circus . # And the hunchback of Notre Dame # # Everybody is making love # # or else expecting rain # # And the Good Samaritan , he 's dressing # Oh , you like Edgar Allan Poe ? I like The Raven . Me , too . You are Guan Yu ? And you are Bian Xi , the one that killed 5000 innocents in Peng Chau ? It 's 5000 rebels You see how well I eat now ? Not the same Kill ! ! ! ! Form into small formations and ambush him Where are Liu Bei 's troops ?
L108	Ser Podrick Payne ? Has a nice ring to it . What did you tell him ? I did n't tell them anything , my lord . Are you going to accept their offer ? My lord . Testifying against me was n't a suggestion . If they ca n't tempt you with honey , they 'll choose something less sweet . You 've been good to me , my lord . Pod , the trial 's in a fortnight . They 'll want an answer before that . I already gave them an answer , my lord . I will not have you dying on my behalf . 62008TJ0204_EN Keywords Summary Keywords 1 . Competition - Agreements , decisions and concerted practices - Agreements and concerted practices constituting a single infringement - Meaning ( Art . 81(1 ) EC ) 2 . Recursive parameters estimation and structure adaptation of neural network : : Department of Cybernetics , Faculty of Applied Sciences , University of West Bohemia in Pilsen www.kky.zcu.cz | 10 June 2009 01:39:37 CEST Oh , I beg to differ . Honestly . Um , here 's the thing . Is , I - I think have to take the girls to the hospital to visit you tonight . Visit Allison . Visit you . I - I dot think that I can keep this thing under wraps for too much longer . I think that I have to tell them about the coma . About you .
L109	Weirder . You 're worried about Ariel , are n't you ? Well , you think that she 's angry now ... Maybel should just leave . Well , you know , I thought about that , but the thing is ... I want this recorded . " " We have a warrant signed by a judge , " Gasko said , somewhat defensively . The other three took a step forward to tighten the circle . " The search is illegal , " I said bitterly . " The people who signed the warrant will be sued . Each of you will be sued . You will be placed on leave , probably without pay , and you will face a civil lawsuit . " " We have immunity , " Gasko said , glancing at his buddies . " Like hell you do . " " I did , " she said , and raised the camera to her eye . " Yet you boys continued the search . At that point it became illegal . You should 've known to stop , but of course that would n't be any fun , would it ? And I thought you was the smart one . You know I used to be a bookkeeper . You look like a bookkeeper . Hmm . I was always more comfortable around numbers than people . You 're suffering from the soldier 's heart , Mr. Swede . I can see it in your eyes .
L110	I 'm great . All right . You 're on speaker . I 'm here with Legal . Just so it 's official and none of us go to jail , we will do this once for the record . State your names . Agent Marcus Finley . Agent Susan Dunn . Now , after I sign off on this , we will begin an operation to lure a kidnapper or kidnappers out of hiding , using information seized last night in a raid on the residence of Jonas Clarenbach . And what 's the nature of this information ? Files having to do with the Central Intelligence Agency . We know the kidnappers are fixated on the CIA and we have reason to believe they will come for these files . And have those CIA files been processed yet ? Not yet . Well ? This one . Bye - bye . Congratulations . Thank you . Grand Prize at the 4th Moscow International Film Festival , 1966 All my thinking could be summed up with these words : Since corrupt people unite among themselves to constitute a force , honest people must do the same . It 's as simple as that . LEO TOLSTOY ANDREl BOLKONSKY Directed by Sergei BONDARCHUK Her reason for never marrying is unclear . However , from her father she did inherit his vibrant red hair . Soon after her accession , many questioned whom Elizabeth would marry .
L111	Elizabeth inherited her mother 's delicate bone structure , physique and facial features . Her other realm , Ireland , never benefited from such a philosophy . She was also more like her mother than her father : glamorous , flirtatious , charismatic and religiously tolerant . In terms of personality , Elizabeth was resourceful , determined and wise . Though Philip II aided her in ending the Italian Wars with the Peace of Cateau Cambrésis , Elizabeth remained independent in her diplomacy . My father knew the secret of bell bronze . Minor fluctuations in the size of sales from one year to another do not necessitate a reclassification of institutional units ( and their local KAUs and output ) . Bloody spot - on ! Well done . You have an amazing day today . Not only do you get the chance to spend time ... Take special care with other products that stimulate red blood cell production : Silapo is one of a group of products that stimulate the production of red blood cells like the human protein erythropoietin does . Your healthcare professional will always record the exact product you are using . Kidney disease patients Pure Red Cell Aplasia ( PRCA ) has been reported very rarely after months to years of subcutaneous treatment with other products containing erythropoietins and may not be ruled out with Silapo . PRCA means the inability to produce enough red blood cells in the bone marrow .
L112	PRCA may be caused by the production to antibodies against the erythropoietin product and , in the following , to your own erythropoietin . You should discuss this information with your doctor . Although this complication is very rare , you should be aware that if you develop it , you would need to have regular blood transfusions , possibly lifelong , to treat your anaemia and the Silapo therapy would have to be discontinued . Your doctor can decide whether Silapo is not working properly for you and will end the treatment , if necessary . Chronic renal failure patients on erythropoietin should have their haemoglobin levels measured on a regular basis until a stable level is achieved , and periodically thereafter to minimise the risk of an increase in blood pressure . Increases in blood potassium have happened in isolated cases . In March 2009 , the Commission carried out unannounced inspections at the premises of Schott . In June 2009 , Nippon Electric Glass applied for immunity or , alternatively , for leniency . In March 2010 , Schott applied for leniency . When initiating proceedings pursuant to Article 11(6 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1/2003 ( 2 ) on 29 June 2010 , the Commission invited the four companies to indicate their interest to engage in settlement discussions ( 3 ) . All companies accepted the invitation .
L113	Upon requests introduced by Asahi Glass , Nippon Electric Glass and Schott , and insofar as it was justified for the parties to clarify their positions regarding a time period or any other aspect of the cartel , all parties were granted access to additional documents listed in the case file . At the end of the third round of meetings , Asahi Glass , Nippon Electric Glass , Samsung Corning and Schott requested to settle ( 4 ) and acknowledged their respective liability for an infringement of Article 101 of the TFEU and Article 53 of the EEA Agreement . Furthermore , the parties acknowledged that they are responsible for the behaviour of their subsidiaries which were involved in the cartel . In their settlement submissions , the parties confirmed : ( i ) that they had been sufficiently informed of the objections the Commission envisaged raising against them and that they had been given sufficient opportunity make their views known thereupon ; ( ii ) that they did not envisage requesting access to file or to be heard in an oral hearing , subject to the condition that the Statement of Objections ( SO ) and the final Decision would reflect their settlement submissions ; and ( iii ) that they agreed to receive the SO and the final Decision in English . The Commission could therefore proceed directly to a decision pursuant to Articles 7 and 13 of Regulation ( EC ) No 1/2003 .
L114	Two rates of aid shall be fixed for unprocessed dried grapes from the same marketing year . The first rate shall apply to products in storage until the end of February following buying - in . When the second rate of aid is fixed , account shall be taken of the less stringent storage requirements applying in the period commencing on 1 March following takeover pursuant to Article 6(3 ) of this Regulation . Article 8 1 . Applications for storage aid shall be submitted by the storage agencies to the competent authority by the fifth day of each month and shall relate to the previous month . It 's all in your head . That 's what we were gon na name the baby . Ah , Princess Consuela . Tuna fish . Very brave . I brought that for you . I brought that for you too . ANNEX to the Commission Regulation of 29 April 2005 fixing the corrective amount applicable to the refund on cereals ( EUR / t ) The Europol Convention entered into force in the Czech Republic , Estonia , Cyprus , Latvia , Lithuania , Hungary , Malta , Poland , Slovenia and Slovakia following their accession to the European Union . Sorry . How many times have you been to her flat ? Six times ? But I ai n't startin ' over , dilbert . And I ai n't huntin ' damn boar ! There 's dharma food , beer and clothing in there .
L115	I do n't care who 's in there . Wait . Wait . -open the damn door ! It was clear what would happen . No ! That 's what the enemy want ! The vultures were barely clear of the gate , wings flapping . The shelter of it looked inviting : too inviting . His men were streaming out of the woods , running hard , Sugama in the lead . Then one of the men , just barely out of the forest , collapsed , blood fountaining , an arrow driven through his throat . Sugama came on quickly . In spite of the chaos Asayaga could not suppress a grin . They might all die in the next few minutes , but it was good to see Sugama get a taste of the reality of this world first . Trap ! Follow me!' Then he turned to follow Asayaga . No 2847/93 of 12 October 1993 establishing a control system applicable to the common fisheries policy(6 ) and in Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1489/97 of 29 July 1997 laying down detailed rules for the application of Council Regulation ( EEC ) No 2847/93 as regards satellite - based vessel monitoring systems(7 ) are required to ensure compliance with the measures laid down in this Regulation . Cardiovascular disorders
L116	An increased frequency of severe and sometimes fatal cardiovascular events and treatment emergent deaths has been observed in the treatment of non - small cell lung cancer , squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck and colorectal carcinoma . Nationals of third States shall be allowed to tender for contracts . Subject to the Commission 's approval , the Head of Mission may conclude technical arrangements with Member States , participating third States and other international actors regarding the provision of equipment , services and premises to EUPOL RD Congo . Come on . Go . I coulda told you that . Anything that feels this good is n't strange . Organ tissues , lymphatic fluids , cellular functions . Sweetie . Gimme a direct link to Dr Evers . Sweetie , respond . I need a signal boost . Outgoing signal blocked . Incoming signal being I 'm not reading Looks like it 's just you and me . Come on , Nick , gimme a smile . This whole place is light on its feet . Nick , your body 's too stiff . Wait . Listen to me . Thank you . During the breakdown we were visiting Elaine 's mother . I went to get him . It took me days to get back . And by the time I did they were gone . So you never learned .
L117	" She . " Last night . Do n't do that ... Yeah . A little bit . Yes . Did my time . Have you ever had sex with an animal ? Oh , my ... really ? Oh , God . Yes , or no ? Well , at least it 's a better picture than I took in Seattle . Subject : Announcement of cessation of Oporto - Vigo rail link Answer from the Commission ( 16 August 2011 ) I got nothing . All I could think to do was tell this guy I 'm experienced , loyal and hardworking . Michael , we 're not gon na study . My parents are gon na be gone for hours . So , what do you wanna do ? Yeah , androgynous guys are so manly . Michael , do you know who would look totally , totally sexy ... glammed up like Bowie ? Who ? You , Michael . You 're crazy . No , I 'm not glam . Come on , Michael . If I have to cry , I 'm damn well going into the crapper to do it , he thought grimly . Six sentences on a sheet of cheap paper had done this to him . It was a goddam fragile world , as fragile as one of those Easter eggs that were all pretty colors on the outside but hollow on the inside .
L118	Only last week he had been thinking of just taking Tad and moving out . Now he wondered if Tad and Donna would still be there when he and Roger got back . Sure it was possible . She might decide that ten days apart was n't enough , not for him , not for her . Possession was nine points of the law , was n't it ? Maybe she 'll decide to go to him . Try it with him for a while . But the thought would n't go away . Almost , but not quite . He managed to finish every drop of his screwdriver before the plane touched down at Logan . Every time the autumn wind came up and shook the leaves and branches , I would stop moving and cling for all I was worth . Finally I reached the window and began cursing softly . My calculations - so easily made from the pavement thirty meters below - had been off a bit . The chalma branch here was almost three meters below the sill of the open window . There were no usable toeholds or fingerholds in this expanse of stone . If I was to reach the sill , I would have to jump and hope that my fingers found a grasp there . That would be insane . There was nothing in this tower that could justify such a risk . I waited for the wind to die down , crouched , and leaped .
L119	Hiromi Namino , Natsuko Yagi , Asami Ogawa Shun Domon , Rei Okamoto , Yuka Asagirl , Hiroshi Nawa Shohei Yamamoto , Nagatoshi Sakamoto . Bunta Sugawara Brother , eat it fast or papa will take it . You 're acting Like your mother more and more . Now then , what is it you wanted to tell me ? Your Land ? It 's all I can do for him . Wait a minute . Wait a minute . I ca n't do this . See , I ca n't do this . Article 3 Modifications of the apparatus or the assessment method shall not be authorised . MAINTENANCE : MAINTENANCE FILE All maintenance activities undertaken on Rolling Stock must be performed in accordance with the provisions of this TSI . All maintenance shall be undertaken in accordance with the Maintenance File applicable to the Rolling Stock . The Maintenance File must be managed in accordance with the provisions specified in this TSI . After delivery of the rolling stock by the supplier , and acceptance thereof , a single entity shall assume responsibility for the maintenance of the rolling stock and management of the Maintenance File . Do not eat , drink or smoke whilst using the product . Read the package leaflet before use .
L120	A greater magnitude of weight gain , lipid and prolactin alterations has been reported in short term studies of adolescent patients than in studies of adult patients ( see sections 4.4 , 4.8 , 5.1 and 5.2 ) . Hypersensitivity to the active substance , peanut or soya or to any of the excipients listed in section 6.1 . Patients with known risk of narrow - angle glaucoma . 4.4 Special warnings and precautions for use Patients should be closely monitored during this period . In placebo - controlled clinical trials ( 6 - 12 weeks duration ) of elderly patients ( mean age 78 years ) with dementia - related psychosis and/or disturbed behaviours , there was a 2-fold increase in the incidence of death in olanzapine - treated patients compared to patients treated with placebo ( 3.5 % vs. 1.5 % , respectively ) . The higher incidence of death was not associated with olanzapine dose ( mean daily dose 4.4 mg ) or duration of treatment . Risk factors that may predispose this patient population to increased mortality include age > 65 years , dysphagia , sedation , malnutrition and dehydration , pulmonary conditions ( e.g. , pneumonia , with or without aspiration ) , or concomitant use of benzodiazepines . However , the incidence of death was higher in olanzapine - treated than in placebo - treated patients independent of these risk factors .
L121	It was another paradox that a man could engender trust within a society that scarcely recognized the concept . Of course , Ramius was a loyal Party member , the son of a Party hero who had been carried to his grave by three Politburo members . " You should be commanding one of our higher naval schools , Comrade Captain . Your talents would better serve the state there . " Four days ago , he had told Pat that he didnI want to change their plans for St 7bomas . Carlyles midteim holiday , a short ten days at the end of April , would start after classes on Saturday , in three days . Under the circumstances , St Thomas was out - unless Washington decided to retire him , and he doubted that . Pat would understand , even be sympathetic . When you got it Give it Do n't be shy Be bold and cute Show the boys your birthday suit When you got it If you got it Hooray ! Like it ? I want you to know , my dear , that even though we 're sitting down ... ... we 're giving youa standing ovation . She 's in the show . Wait , Max . Every other DD5 just has your name on it . He went to the Towers ? Yeah , I was just a , a couple minutes behind him . All right .
L122	Hey , Andy , I 'm driving to the city right now , but it 's a madhouse . Watch your ass . You know it , brother . Special populations Wow . Stand by for an uplink ofthe fii nal mole coordinates . Hey , how 's it comin ' ? Loadingfii rst nuke now . 1 , 000 feetto stand - off . 500 feet , R - dot point 3 ... 3-X , 1 point 5-Y. Go for auto trajectory . This isa special presentation of MSNBC News withJenny Lerner . Good evening . As the exquisite torture went on , I chose to watch the scarlet leaves being tossed by the grey gusts of the autumn wind . Sit down , for God 's sake , you make me quite ill with your retchings . Retention of the facts , that is ... Morlar . Morlar . Sir ? Can we assume that you are with us in body if not in spirit ? Yes , sir . I was watching the leaves . Get to your feet . Are you deliberately trying to make a fool of me ? Silence !
L123	Because , however , under Article 3 of the Protocol on the position of the United Kingdom and Ireland , annexed to the Treaty on European Union and to the Treaty establishing the European Community , the United Kingdom took part in Directives 2003/9 , 2004/85 and 2005/85 and in Regulation No 343/2003 , the question of the effective force of Article 18 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights vis - à - vis the United Kingdom does not arise in the main proceedings . My juniors are all looking I spent 9 full months in Mongkok . It all came down to nothing . Award your ass ! You 're being paid $ 80 K a month . A disabled person like me makes a living on reward monies . This way . Alright I 'll treat you to dinner It has to worth at least $ 100 K $ 100 K ? I 'm earning only $ 80 K per month I have to feed my family I do n't care I 'll eat $ 100 K worth of it . Call that a celebration . Which is ? I want to be Chief Resident . You do n't have to worry about that yet . I want to come out of the gate strong . It 's the only way to build a career . If consideration may be given to this factor in an individual case :
L124	Accaca - Dabacca - Accacaca . Dacacca - Adada - Badacad . Dacacca - Adada - Badacad . Biggest city in Montana ? Helena ? Wrong ! I thought he was just kidding . Maybe they stopped him . No . Mr. McCleod . Diana ! How are you ? Okay ? I 'm fine . Mommy . It 's not even remotely amusing . Where 's my little girl ? Is my little girl in there ? I do n't believe it . What the ... I 'm out ! I sold my soul to the devil , and I got out of the deal . I 'm free . He owned your soul ? He owns my soul ! How the hell did you get out of it ? He owns your soul ? Tell me how the hell you got out of it ! Just no more electrocutions , OK ? How ? Gullible . No . What 's this ? Donna said you asked for it . You get a nice suit , one that you could wear tonight when I take you out to dinner . What 's the fun of being senior partner if you have to keep it a secret ? And why exactly should I dine with you ? Because you 've been waiting a long time for this , and I want to congratulate you . You want to congratulate me on becoming your peer . Yes . Say it .
L125	Com ? Look , I have no reason to lie . Sure you do . We all do . Well , it is anonymous . Has heard or lived far worse than anything you 've ever done . I doubt it . That what you 've been through has n't been difficult . That I could know what you 've experienced , right ? Like a thousand hiding voices whispering , " This is who you are . " Tactics 2015 Department of Tactics , Faculty of Military Leadership , Univesity od Defence cordially invites to the international scientific conference Tactics 2015 - Units and Task Forces Tactical Activities in Future Operations . The conference is organized under the auspices of Maj . We 'll get on a train and never stop . " Do n't , Rick . At the house of some friends ... ... she met a man about whom she 'd heard her whole life . A very great and courageous man . Everything she knew or ever became was because of him . Yes , that 's very pretty . They went along with the sound of a tinny piano ... ... playing in the parlor downstairs . " Mister , I met a man once when I was a kid , " they 'd always begin . I guess neither of our stories is very funny . Was it Laszlo , or were there others in between , or ... ... are n't you the kind that tells ?
L126	You give him credit for too much cleverness . But I can look the part . And if you teach me the words , I 'll be able to talk a good game . Come on , let me take you to the beginners ' slope . After you get the hang of it , you 'll be crazy ... I 'll find something else to do . Advertising can also have implications for eating disorders such as anorexia and bulimia . Children and adolescents are exposed to the body types and appearances of the young people featured in advertisements . The impact on young people , especially girls , of a slim body type promotes an ideal of beauty that encourages eating behaviour that can put lives at risk . Indeed , the American Psychological Association considers that advertising aimed at children under the age of eight should be restricted ( or banned altogether ) given the inability of children of that age to process the persuasive intent of adverts . The aim of this ban would be to limit the damaging effects of advertising on the promotion of unhealthy eating habits , on conflict between parents and children over demands to buy products that are advertised , and on exposure to violence ( 6 ) .
L127	They provide a good and stable ecological environment for the physiological process and the substance metabolism of bud - leaves , which is conducive to the formation and accumulation of nitrogen compounds including amino acids and aromatic substances . Know - how in picking , slight withering , QingGuo , cooling , moisturing and HuiGuo are essential elements in the processing of Longjing cha . The quality of Longjing cha depends on the combination of these elements , its aromatic flavour and pure taste , all of which help to make up the unique characteristics of Longjing cha . Reference to publication of the specification : Salter said , " And what 's your game , then ? " 2012/C 235/30 Language of the case : Dutch The President of the Court has ordered that the case be removed from the register . France considers that the restructuring plan will enable Alstom to become viable again in the long term . Subject : New social policy agenda Answer from the Council ( 15 May 2006 ) The Danish authorities stated in their notification that they could not in practice enforce the prohibition against other gaming service providers marketing their services in Denmark because of Danish court proceedings in which it was claimed that the current Danish gambling monopoly constituted a restriction of the free movement of services .
L128	According to explanatory memorandum accompanying the Gaming Act , the liberalisation process was justified by reference to the latest technological developments , which meant that Denmark was now part of a global communication society where consumers have access to a wide range of services from providers of various jurisdictions . Over the past 10 years , gaming has developed into a major sales product on the Internet , especially after the introduction of online poker . The Internet has provided Danish citizens with the opportunity to compare Danske Spil 's products and product range with the products offered by online gambling providers established in the UK , Malta , Gibraltar and other countries . In recent years a rapidly growing number of Danes have begun to gamble with the international gaming providers . As explained by the Danish authorities , the government 's fear was that the provision of gaming , if not regulated and controlled effectively , could be linked with negative effects on society in the form of crime and a breakdown of public order , and could cause vulnerable individuals to become addicted to gambling . At the same time , the profits of Danske Spil have been steadily declining . The Danish authorities therefore needed to be able to regulate and control the gaming offered to Danish citizens in order to channel gaming into a controlled framework and so prevent negative consequences for society .
L129	Under Article 2 of the Services Directive , gambling is even explicitly excluded from the Directive 's scope ( 52 ) . However , despite the lack of any kind of secondary legislation in this field , cross - border gambling activities may fall within the scope of the fundamental freedoms of the Treaty , namely the freedom of establishment ( Article 49 TFEU ) and the freedom to provide services ( Article 56 TFEU ) . What the fuck did you say ? What did you say to me , you faggot ? Get the fuck out of the bathroom ! Damn it ! I ca n't piss . Faggot ! Watch your mouth . What ? What ? Why do n't you watch your mouth , smart - ass ? What ? - more than nine persons including the driver ; " He means it , " Pie said , climbing up onto his doeki , the animal casting a backward glance at its rider as it was mounted . " We have to go . " " Do n't we even discuss the route ? " " Tasko has given me a compass and directions . " Come In Ha ! Please give me a piggy back ride . You lost ! Bye - bye . - Bye - bye . Did you see what just happened here ? Well , that all depends . She should 've said something . Imagine ... ... her taking credit for your big salad .
L130	Article 5 Delegations The Members of the Association Committee may be accompanied by other officials . Before each meeting , the Parties shall be informed , through the Secretariat , of the intended composition of the delegations attending the meeting . Article 6 Secretariat An official of the EU Party and an official of a Republic of the CA Party , who shall rotate in accordance with guidelines established to that effect by the Republics of the CA Party , shall act jointly as Secretaries of the Association Committee . Article 7 Correspondence 1 . Baby , you been lying ... ... about where you been going and who you been with . What if something happened to you ? I 'm sorry , Mom . Why ca n't I pick my friends and choose things in life for myself ? Because you 're not making very good choices , baby . I mean , you got a lot of good opportunities to choose from . Like what ? Going to Brinton ? Spelman is a great school , but your father and I just-- What ? Keep talking to Mother like that ... ... and your lips will beat you to the hospital . You know how lucky you are ? Yes , Daddy . But I knew if I were to ask to go over there , you would 've had a heart attack ! Article 13 This decision is addressed to the French Republic . What Ristfor contains
L131	Now he was back at the trench checking the sucker hoses , and the level of the water . ' ' So many people , ' Talon gasped . ' No , sir . ' If you ever get down to Opardum or Kalesh'kaar , then you 'd be seeing something . Caleb grunted . To Talon he said , ' This gate 's the one you want when coming into the city . ' How many gates are there ? ' asked Talon , thinking of the simple stockade around his village with its single gate . ' I believe this city has twenty . . . four ? Yes , twenty - four gates . ' L_2005104EN.01000301.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 104/3 COMMISSION REGULATION ( EC ) No 626/2005 of 22 April 2005 suspending the buying - in of butter in certain Member States THE COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES , Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , Having regard to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1255/1999 of 17 May 1999 on the common organisation of the market in milk and milk products ( 1 ) , Having regard to Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 2771/1999 of 16 December 1999 laying down detailed rules for the application of Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1255/1999 as regards intervention on the market in butter and cream ( 2 ) , and in particular Article 2 thereof , Whereas :
L132	( h ) the procedures for amending the statutes , which shall comply with the obligations set out in Articles 4 and 5 . Article 10 Careful with that joke - it 's an antique . We 're off on the road to Rhode Island We 're not gon na stop till we 're there Maybe for a beer . We 'll never fear or cry - That 's right ! Until we 're syndicated , Fox will never let us die We certainly do get around Like renegade Pilgrims thrown out of Plymouth Colony . We 're Rhode Island - bound Like two college freshmen who were rejected by Harvard and forced to go to Brown . Look who I found at the train station ! Mommy missed you so much . God forbid you should have put a little eyeliner on for my homecoming . What is the patient 's name ? Eeny Meeny Miny Moe . Sir , the Senior Inspector wants to see you . Sir ... Sir , my wife is ... pregnant . But you are n't ! Stay here . Did he tell you ? Did you tell him ? I did n't tell him . What do we do ? Tell me . - You tell me , sir . What do we do ? He 's already here . Yes , sir , he is here . Trickster !
L133	Tell me you got some magical booze that can erase the last fifteen minutes of my life , please ? ? Yup . Tequila . So , Jason is slowly going crazy thanks to The Morrigan . Somehow he slipped away and now he 's painting Fae secrets all over town . But why ? To not get involved with the Dark Fae ? That 's a pretty lucid plan for a nut job . He did it-- He totally tattooed my digits over his heart ! Hey , I ran into my boy , Jason . Where ? But he felt like hitting me in the face with the butt end of a shotgun instead . An alleyway behind that new fancy people 's hotel where they sell Oxygen tanks in the mini bar-- Yours faithfully , Colin Barkdale . Very good . Your typing is excellent . Not the Alice Merren from the newspapers ? I 'm afraid our agency will be unable to find you a suitable position , Miss Merren . I 'm happy to find any position . The businesses we supply staff to will only employ people with an unblemished record . I was acquitted . Section 2 Communication of catches : entering and leaving São Toméan waters 1 . European Union vessels operating in São Toméan waters under this Protocol shall notify the competent São Toméan authorities , at least three ( 6 ) hours in advance , of their intention to enter or leave São Toméan waters .
L134	An analysis of the prices of imports from the countries concerned in the period considered , show that prices of Chinese imports have remained stable while Vietnamese prices have decreased . When compared to prices in the OIP , Chinese prices have increased by around 20 % but prices of the Vietnamese are close to those found in the OIP . Notwithstanding differences in product mix and level of trade considerations , it is clear that average imports prices of 8.6 EUR for the PRC and 9.51 EUR from Vietnam continue to cause major concern to the Community producers whose average sales prices are well above 30 EUR . This becomes even more evident when looking at the undercutting levels that have seen a drastic increase when compared to the OIP . Gimme . Sixty percent of 1 50 is 90 bucks . I wake you up ? Are you still pissed off at me ? I said , what kind of rent do you pay ? After the Bahamas ... maybe you could move in with me ... just for practice . I miss you . Fine . Uh , a couple of curve balls every now and then . They 're kids . You 're perfect . Carmen , you shouldhave seen Eddie play last night . Grab my wrist . That 's right . You got it . Do n't move ! Hey , what happened ? What happened ? Where ? I 'm not sure . You 're up early .
L135	I thought the two of you do n't talk ? She talks plenty . I did n't have to . You know , one of these days , you 're gon na have to tell someone in your family about us . Unless , for some other reason ... Brett ... Look . Okay ? All right . See ya . Bye . Yeah . Yeah . I bet I can do it in three drinks . You like to gamble ? I got a bet . Really ? I 'll bet you $ 20 that I can kiss you without ever touching your lips . An opposing party may bring a plea leading to the dismissal of an action if one of the parties fails to perform his contractual duty to submit to ADR proceedings before the action is filed . If a term of this kind is contained in the general terms and conditions , its contents are subject to scrutiny by the court pursuant to Section 307 of the Civil Code ( BGB ) . This says that a stipulation is invalid if one partner uses it to put the other partner to the contract at an unfair disadvantage . The overriding principle guiding examination should be whether the procedure is fair and unbiased , and whether a reasonable partner to a contract would have based his plea on this term or whether he would have gone straight before a court . I have made my decision .
L136	All I can do is to tell Montray I 've jailed , that - literally - he sent a woman to do a man 's job , and on this world , a woman could n't handle it . Nothing .... Magda accepted the fact that this meant exile from her own world , which was Darkover . She could never again take up her old work in Thendara ; once she stepped into the Darkovan zone , any Free Amazon was legally entitled to kill her on sight . She would have to put in for a transfer , go somewhere else . A fair comparison shall be made between the export price and the normal value . This comparison shall be made at the same level of trade and in respect of sales made at as nearly as possible the same time and with due account taken of other differences which affect price comparability . Where the normal value and the export price as established are not on such a comparable basis , due allowance , in the form of adjustments , shall be made in each case , on its merits , for differences in factors which are claimed , and demonstrated , to affect prices and price comparability ... ' 8 According to Article 2(11 ) of the basic regulation :
L137	This paragraph shall not preclude the use of sampling in accordance with Article 17.' 9 As regards the determination of injury , Article 3(2 ) , ( 3 ) and ( 6 ) of the basic regulation provides : The gift tax is levied on what the donee receives , after the deduction of any charges and liabilities related to the donation , from which either the donor or a third party benefit.' 5 Article 1 of the Law on nature protection 1928 ( Natuurschoonwet 1928 ; ' the Law on nature protection' ) provides : No , nothing so far . Oh , sure , sure . Yeah . What 's doing at your end ? I 'm talking to that clean - cut , young American beauty again . Yeah . I think he 's going to tell us something this morning . Okay . Report in . I 've told you everything I know . Oh , no , you have n't , sonny . Come in , Mr. McCormick . In order to ensure consistent application of the calculation methods listed in Annex I , Part II , of this Directive , in conjunction with Article 49(1 ) of Regulation ( EU ) No 575/2013 and Article 228(1 ) of Directive 2009/138/EC , but without prejudice to Article 6(4 ) of this Directive , the ESAs shall , through the Joint Committee , develop draft regulatory technical standards with regard to Article 6(2 ) of this Directive .
L138	Power is delegated to the Commission to adopt the regulatory technical standards referred to in the first subparagraph in accordance with Articles 10 to 14 of Regulation ( EU ) No 1093/2010 , of Regulation ( EU ) No 1094/2010 and of Regulation ( EU ) No 1095/2010 respectively . " . TITLE XI TRANSITIONAL AND FINAL PROVISIONS CHAPTER 1 Transitional provisions on the supervision of institutions exercising the freedom of establishment and the freedom to provide services Article 151 Scope 1 . The provisions in this Chapter shall apply instead of Articles 40 , 41 , 43 , 49 , 50 and 51 until the date on which the liquidity coverage requirement becomes applicable in accordance with a delegated act adopted pursuant to Article 460 of Regulation ( EU ) No 575/2013 . Regulation ( EC ) No 1698/2005 , which establishes the legal framework for the EAFRD support for rural development throughout the Community , has been amended by Council Regulation ( EC ) No 74/2009 of 19 January 2009 amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1698/2005 on support for rural development by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development ( EAFRD ) ( 2 ) . Consequently , Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1974/2006 ( 3 ) should be complemented by additional detailed implementing rules .
L139	Then came a high - pitched screech of pain . Skilgannon leapt to his right , then spun again , blades extended . The blade struck something soft , then cut through . Sight returned . For a fraction of a heartbeat he saw a pale form some twenty feet away . Then it was gone - only to appear alongside him . Excipient with known effect : Each hard capsule contains 150 mg of anhydrous lactose . PHARMACEUTICAL FORM Hard capsule ( capsule ) . The hard capsules ( length approx . In spring 2007 , the sale of Meisterstrasse products will make it easier for customers to purchase exquisite and unique craft products . This ... pen ? Marshall . For secured lending transactions the liquidation period shall be 20 business days . For repurchase transactions ( except insofar as such transactions involve the transfer of commodities or guaranteed rights relating to title to commodities ) and securities lending or borrowing transactions the liquidation period shall be 5 business days . For other capital market driven transactions , the liquidation period shall be 10 business days . In Tables 1 to 4 and in points 39 to 41 , the credit quality step with which a credit assessment of the debt security is associated is the credit quality step with which the credit assessment is determined by the competent authorities to be associated under Articles 78 to 83 .
L140	For non - eligible securities or for commodities lent or sold under repurchase transactions or securities or commodities lending or borrowing transactions , the volatility adjustment is the same as for non - main index equities listed on a recognised exchange . For eligible units in collective investment undertakings the volatility adjustment is the weighted average volatility adjustments that would apply , having regard to the liquidation period of the transaction as specified in point 37 , to the assets in which the fund has invested . If the assets in which the fund has invested are not known to the credit institution , the volatility adjustment is the highest volatility adjustment that would apply to any of the assets in which the fund has the right to invest . 0B005 Plant specially designed for the fabrication of " nuclear reactor " fuel elements and specially designed or prepared equipment therefor . Delivering . Helene , can you please control your street people ? Dancers , Madame . Dancers . That is a matter of opinion . Chicken salad ? Thank you , Eddie . It 's painful , Miss. Well , you could do with the help , could n't you ? We 're doing a street dance ... not a ballet . So much for ripping up the rules . Just your type . Well , I think the ballet boys are buff . We 're the teachers . Hey ! What the hell ?
L141	Accordingly , Regulation ( EC ) No 1831/2003 is hereby amended as follows : Article 3(5 ) shall be replaced by the following : Article 5 The date of establishment , referred to in the second subparagraph of Article 2(2 ) of Regulation ( EC , Euratom ) No 1150/2000 , of the levies corrected according to this Regulation , shall be at the latest the last day of the second month following the day of entry into force of this Regulation . Article 6 This Regulation shall enter into force on the day following its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . Article 1 shall apply from 8 October 2003 . Article 2 shall apply from 15 October 2004 . Article 3 shall apply from 18 October 2005 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 3 November 2009 . Then it 's empty . The elevator that rides alone ? Someone called it ... Who ? How do I know ? We 're alone in this damned building . Maybe not ... How about a nap ? You crazy ? We must find out . Smells of tobacco . I do n't like it ... Search this building , bring in anyone you find ! Got the tear gas ? " Oh , you have plenty to guard you , " said Lot sourly .
L142	" I see Lancelet never more than a step or three from your side , ready to fill the empty place . " This council may go on far into the night , and you must be ready to ride at daybreak . " She said clearly , " No . No , my lord , I do not ride at daybreak , not to Camelot or to anywhere else on the face of this earth . " You can not delay when there is war in the land . I tell you , Gwenhwyfar , when the morning comes , your horse and gear will be ready . " I shall not ! " she said fiercely . " And you can not force me , not unless you set me on my horse and tie me there ! " " God forbid I should have to do so , " Arthur said . According to the Commission , the purpose of the quota is simply to fix a maximum limit for catches and not to guarantee fishing expectations . That function as a limit for catches is consistent with the basic objective underlying the common fisheries policy , which is aimed at achieving a balance between economic activity and the conservation of living marine resources .
L143	In addition , according to the Commission , the EU provisions are aimed at safeguarding the principle of relative stability , pursuant to which it is the Member States which hold a ' right' to a certain predetermined level of fishing opportunities . However , the fact that the Member States have this ' right' does not translate into the creation of individual rights for every holder of a fishing quota . This is the context in which the provisions cited by the appellant must be interpreted , since those provisions refer rather to the right of Member States to be compensated for their lost quotas but not to the right of the quota holders where their activities must cease unexpectedly for reasons relating to the environment and the conservation of living marine resources . References to the repealed Regulation shall be construed as references to this Regulation and shall be read in accordance with the correlation table in the Annex . It shall apply from 1 July 2007 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Is it really any different than what the germans did - In nazi germany ? Well , they do the same thing-- Do you ? Starving people to death ? You hog all the ink in the detroit papers , Now you 're in " newsweek " What about me ? You 're america 's quack . Mrs. Adkins : About a year ago I think .
L144	She went out into the yard and then .. What I could see was She stood there in the yard She did n't know that that was the gate to go out to the street . Nerd - bashing time . It 's not our fault . It was them . Looking for a Smokey McPot . I have a delivery for a Smokey McPot . You ordered pizza ? " In this weather ? " the German asked . ; ' It 'll only be for a moment . " The going to the toilet . " Tully punched the chart table with one fist . He never showed them to me , of course . He put two silver dollars into the test cageÄthey still used hard money around those parts then - after making me mark them . He punched the solenoid button and they disappeared . ` Properly , he should have followed up by making them reappear out of the nose of a little boy who volunteers to come up on the stage . Just one . But before that , one afternoon while I was cleaning up after he had gone home , a guinea pig showed up in the cage . They counted and were n't short any pigs , although it 's hard to be certain with guinea pigs , so I took it home and made a pet out of it .
L145	" When one of them came back about ten days later - the one that did n't look like mine - Twitch knew for sure he had it . Dr. Thomas , the PDA was one thing , but now with the blockage , does that mean two surgeries ? We 'll fix your PDA from the side , then flip you over and then open up your blocked arteries from the front . I 'm trapped in the body of an 80 year old anymore , - I 'm in . He 's very , very old . Do n't mistake Dr. Yang 's disrespect for a sense of humor . I respect you . Like the Grand Canyon . Enough . - Just a smidge . A smidge older than that . Rob , you 're in private security , right ? Two glittering eyes regarded the wizards with hooded hatred . ' I saw it move , ' said one of them . Instead , the offending mage removed the dogend from his lips with trembling fingers and ground it into the floor . Trymon exulted . Just for now , maybe - but just for now is enough . Your Honor ... No , Ms. Walsh , she 's right . Overruled . So , Mr. Costas , you printed the accusation of plagiarism without checking truth or falsehood ? Uh ... from Chumhum ? Uh , no . Judge , this is absurd . Chumhum has millions of pages .
L146	Well , then there will be a hell of a lot No consulting with Will . No second guessing . That 's probably true . It 's one million dollars . This firm is bankrupt . Then negotiate with Will . Tell him . I 've seen the evidence . Like commodities in supermarkets We 'll help you What conditions ? European Commission - European Judicial Network - Bankruptcy - Luxembourg THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 15 - 02 - 2005 Bankruptcy - Luxembourg TABLE OF CONTENTS What are the different types and aims of insolvency proceedings ? Substantive conditions 2.b ) Guards making their rounds on the walls above gave her a swift , cursory glance and dismissed her from their thoughts . Those standing inside the main gate eyed her , but made no move to accost her , leaving that to the porter . He opened the door , in response to the knock . " How may I assist you , my lady ? " Her heart beat rapidly .
L147	Her hands were ice cold and her feet almost too numb to walk . The illusion was working . He did not see a human woman clad in elven clothes that were too small , fit too tight . He saw an elf maiden with delicate features , almond eyes , porcelain skin . " I wish to enter the palace , " said Iridal faintly , in elven , hoping her fear would be mistaken for maidenly confusion . changes File Check for formatting consistency Select all similar formatting Make text consistent with the rest Ignore consistence error Selects the paragraph number Increases paragraph spacing by 6 points Decreases paragraph spacing by 6 points Updates the word count statistics of the active document Hari shrugged that off . " It must be important , Grandfather . " " Yes , yes ! Of course . It will be importantand it will be final . Thank you . Good evening . I 've a room booked until Sunday . No , I 'm not finding any booking . My office had telegraphed ahead . Evening . Good evening . I was just telling Mr. Kipps that we do n't have any room . Not in the rain . We must have something , just for tonight . Unless you want to put him in the attic ? Fine . At first I could not see what it was , but it charged into the wolves , scattering them .
L148	There was blood on his muzzle and two more wolves dead when the others panicked and ran . ' Grymauch paused , lost in the memory . Kaelin did not prompt him . ' And - for the merest heartbeat -I saw Raven and the stag standing together , looking at one another . Both were bloodied . The forest lord dipped its head towards Raven as if in thanks , though I doubt it was . Then it bounded away into the trees and the hound continued across the hills towards us . He had followed the scent , you see , and wanted to be reunited with Lanovar . Coulson needs backup . Plus , you were in session . I think I might cry . Hey ! Not so fast . Dinner . Got your favorite ... Hawaiian . Meat and fruit ? Does n't really work for me . I thought the prisoner got to choose his last meal . Hey , look , man , I 'm just doing what has to be done . What the hell are you and Bobbi into , Mack ? You 'll know soon enough . If you 've got nothing to say , why do n't you just leave ? Peck . Peck . Peck . All right . What TESAVEL is and what it is used for
L149	TESAVEL contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called DPP-4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . This medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . Your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . This medicine can be used alone or in combination with certain other medicines ( insulin , metformin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ) that lower blood sugar , which you may already be taking for your diabetes together with a food and exercise plan . What is type 2 diabetes ? Type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . Your body can also make too much sugar . Subject : Practice in driving heavy articulated vehicles in another EU Member State Answer from the Commission ( 2 February 2011 ) Subject : Misspending of EU regional funding Joint answer from the Commission ( 31 January 2011 ) - You all right ? - I'm fine . - You just been a little jacked - up today . - Well , I 'm fine . If you do n't wanna talk about it , that 's cool .
L150	When the truck come , they pick Manuel , they pick me . Do you trust me ? - What ? - With your life . Yeah . Well , then you believe me when I tell you ... you do n't have to look over your shoulder no more . I took care of it . - You took care of it ? - You got no more problems . Okay . Where 's Megan ? Yeah . Good . I wo n't sit here and pretend I know what you 're going through ... ... or that I could beginto understand your feelings . The last thing you need right now is someone saying ... ... that given time , things willget better , or the hurt will go away . Because it wo n't get better . If you lived another 200 years , you 'd never forget ... ... how Connor was taken from you , and you should n't . You'il go on living too . You do n't need to . The how works itself out . Life will just keep happening . There'il be people who need us , and ... ... we'il help them . Fred . I was gon na knock , but it was n't a good time , so I did n't . After meals . The first stage of the experiment had gone to plan . Now there was only one obstacle in my path . Graham , where 's that medicine ?
L151	Hazel carried the kitten and one saucer , I carried our clothes , the other saucer , my cane , and her handbag . I was pleasantly tired and looking forward to going to bed with my bride . Territorial cooperation outside the EU underlines the need to better coordinate territorial cooperation measures with the external aspect of this cooperation , i.e. with the Russian Federation and neighbouring countries of the outermost regions - countries eligible for membership of the European neighbourhood policy ( ENP ) , and with an eye to EU enlargement ( Western Balkans and Turkey ) ; Ensuring consistency between Community public policies in connection with territorial cohesion believes that the objective of territorial cohesion should be applied to all Community policies . recalls the value of spatial planning , as a set of techniques pursuing the harmonious arrangement of the various territorial uses and activities , in order to guarantee consistency between Community public policies and the objectives of territorial cohesion ; recognises that some of these problems have been overcome using measures under the Community 's regional policy , notably within its programmes of assistance for economic change ( restructuring of industry , rural development in the context of CAP reform ) ;
L152	They do n't feel pain . Absolutely insensitive to pain . Excuse me . Here is the money from the check . Yes . I need your signature here . Of course . Here 's a pen . Thanks a lot . Every month we hunt at a friend 's estate . It has a considerable impact on market conditions and prices through a pricing policy based on the actual costs of housing , rather than referring to market prices , while providing security of tenancy not offered by the private sector market . Due to its lack of focus on specific social demand , this universal approach to housing is disputed by the European Commission , which believes that it does not match the Community definition of the SGEI for housing . The universal approach is no longer used in Sweden , which has abandoned the explicit classification of housing as an SGEI . In Denmark , the universal approach is deeply embedded in the welfare model . The focus is on providing affordable and accessible housing for people in need thereof . The pricing policy is regulated and based on the actual costs , which excludes the possibility of overcompensation . Data on several compounds evaluated in ring tests are provided ( see Appendix 1 ) primarily so that calibration of the method may be performed from time to time and to permit comparison of results when another method is employed . Ok . It 's ok .
L153	You gave me such a shock . Sorry . Let mehelp you with this . That 's ok . That 's ok . What are you doing here ? Oh . You spoke to Devon . Trouble is , we have n't got them on board . Well , that 's handy , listing things we have n't got . Oh , my God . it says yes ! I can do it ! Hypothetically , if you flip the monitor , broadcast a flare , it can disrupt the telepathy . Brainstorm ! There we are , then . We need to go to Ood Habitation . Mr. Jefferson , sir , anyway out ? Just about . Ventilation shafts . I appreciate the reference , but there 's no ventilation . No air , in fact , at all . They were designed for machines , not life forms . Seldom . Nobody can keep up wth me . There 's time . You have n't advanced much further yourself . Why have n't you married any of them ? You 've done it wth all of them already ? What does the guy want ? What are you drinking ? Gin and tonic . Ca n't one get credit here ? What'il I do wth you ? We can drive to Starnberger Lake . What do you remember of it ? It rained . It was cold .
L154	The Commission shall review the performance and operation of the multi - annual plan at intervals of not less than four years from the date of adoption of this Regulation . The Commission shall seek the advice of STECF and of the Pelagic Regional Advisory Council concerning the review . Amendment 15 Proposal for a regulation Article 10 - paragraph 1a ( new ) For the purpose of Article 21(a)(i ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1198/2006 , measures for the implementation of Article 3(2)(c ) of this Regulation shall be deemed to be a recovery plan within the meaning of Article 5 of Regulation ( EC ) No 2371/2002 . And to get by as best we could . " We have , let us face it and admit it , little influence . Wednesday paused . He looked from one to another of his listeners , grave and statesmanlike . When you said " George Kaplan " took out a hit on me . Drew was the only other person who knew that name . The greedy bitch used the money to have me killed . That why you ditched Ziva ? Hmm ? So you could go after her ? I was putting that money away for my daughter . For her future needs . Never in a thousand years . A million . Why , Ed ? Why ? Why does a guy do it ?
L155	Lots of reasons . A manifestation of latent insecurity . Ca n't get better meat than that . But you know something ? Because she 's there . Listen , mister , it 's your time . Fifteen minutes ai n't long . When that cigarette burns out , your time is up . But what 's your real name ? It was a checker taxi . You got in and that guy Matthew came by and he said he wanted to take you away . He pulled you away . Let the hobos take over . Turn it into a hobo jungle . Do n't have to waste your time filling you in . You let these hobos take over , they 're , again , tidy people , tidy people . Cleanest people you 'd ever meet because ... I mean , their asses are dirty , but their cocks are clean as a baby 's breath . Yeah . Hobo dicks are cleaner than ... Hobo dicks are cleaner than hospital scalpels . I mean , they 're like ... They 've done , you know ... They 've taken hobo dicks under microscopes and have been unable to detect any bacteria of any kind . It 's like 99.9 % pure cock . " Henry ! " - A steward , white - jacketed , appeared from what I took to be the pantry .
L156	Uh , actually , no , I have n't seen him all day . I was really hoping to talk to him . You ca n't talk to a person that 's not here . Unless you draw a mustache on the mirror . What ? Bye - bye . Everything okay at the office ? No ? Oh , my God ! Thank you ! Word around town is , she goes all the way . Commanded ? By whom ? By His Majesty . What for ? His Majesty would like you to supervise ... ... grain productionand North Sea trade . Trade ? Trade ? What do you take me for ? A butcher 's son ? As you see , my lord , these are not my orders . Poor William . Is this allthat remains of an entire life ? William died at Warwickshire which is a long way from here ... ... and God willing , the disease wo n't spread . Nevertheless , on the basis of an assessment of the risks related to internal security and illegal immigration , checks may be carried out on the crew and passengers of those ships . For example , concerning the two audited meat sectors and schemes , the evaluations available [ 50 ] when the Commission was developing the post 2013 CAP proposals only covered the situation pertaining to the decisions of the 2003 reform [ 51 ] and not that post 2008 .
L157	However , Member States were already implementing provisions that resulted from the " Health Check of the CAP " which improved and introduced new tools for the Member States [ 52 ] to deal with potential disturbances in the audited sectors due to decoupling . The same issues are relevant to an evaluation of CAP measures for the sheep and goat sector which was published in November 2011 [ 53 ] . Away ! Leave ! What 's happening to me ? What do you want from me priest ? Away from my life ! Away . Go away ! So , filthy man ? It 's been a long night , right ? And now what do you want from me ? Confess me . You want me to confess you ? My dear Jane , I am in such a flutter , that I am sure I ca n't write ; so I will dictate , and you write for me . We will settle with your father about the money afterwards ; but the things should be ordered immediately . " She was then proceeding to all the particulars of calico , muslin , and cambric , and would shortly have dictated some very plentiful orders , had not Jane , though with some difficulty , persuaded her to wait till her father was at leisure to be consulted . Other schemes , too , came into her head .
L158	Kitty , run down and order the carriage . Dude , robot fight . Oh , and Barry said tell you he's-- I heard him ! Okay , I 'll tell Katya to pack a bag and we 'll move to , Alaska or somewhere else snowy , where he ca n't track us ! Does n't even make sense . Nooooooooooooooooooo ! longer in service . Goodbye . Hey , punkin pie ! I -- - I told you ! I said dun't try to kill Sterling and what do you do ? ! Um , that . Da . But I do what you ask me . Archer ? Please . Government relief checks really . Why ? How so ? -He was a flat - out genius . Keep your toys where they belong and I 'll consider us even . Toys ? You sanctimonious ... Easy . There 's kids around . You 're the one with the Spidey sense , kid . Thank you for everything . Laters . You can relax now . Shaped charge --professional . However , they couldn'tgo out the front door after they set it . You 're reallygonna do this ? Worth a try . The enemy ofmy enemycould be my friend . It 's from jack . Thanks again , fi . Hello , michael . Carla . I helped myselfto a yogurt . I hope you do n't mind .
L159	John Bernard Books , now , I 'm flattered that you remembered me . Well , you look just like I remember the Sweeneys ... mean and ugly . Drop by . We 'll talk about old times . The good old times . Ha ha ha ! I 'm surprised at the company you keep . Quite the reverse . How do you know him ? I had some dealings with his brother Albert once . What happened ? Oh . Please follow me . Good night . Nick , that was great . -Thanks . -Nightingale . You live in the Village ? Nine years . Any kids ? Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market ( Trade Marks and Designs ) , DeguDent GmbH By order of 5 February 2015 , the Court of Justice of the European Union ( Seventh Chamber ) dismissed the appeal and decided to order the appellant to bear its own costs . EN Official Journal of the European Union C 96/2 Request for a preliminary ruling from the Verwaltungsgericht Berlin ( Germany ) lodged on 16 December 2014 - Mrs Sandra Bitter , lawyer , as insolvency administrator of Ziegelwerk Höxter GmbH v Federal Republic of Germany ( Case C-580/14 ) ( 2015/C 096/03 ) He owed me an explanation . Did you get it ? Yeah . I 'm not sure . It seems he has been engaged in his business . . . . . .for purely romantic reasons .
L160	While you have been engaged in romance for purely business reasons . A little . You want tofuck your friend ? Fuck him , not me ! How you doing ? Is everything okay ? Who 's sitting me ? Ann Marie downstairs . You ever date her ? Chief ? Yes , detective ? All NS-5s , report for service and storage . All NS-5s , report for service and storage . One thing bothers me . I do n't understand why she would kill him . She would n't want police snooping around . That 's true . But then V.I.K.I. did n't kill the old man . Till somebody loves you ? Instructs its President to forward this resolution and the accompanying detailed recommendations to the Commission and the Council , and to the parliaments and governments of the Member States . The capitalization in this placeholder is not consistent with your style checker settings . Change the text to lower case To make a duplicate of the current slide , press CTRL+D. To show or hide the grid , press SHIFT+F9 . To show or hide guides , press ALT+F9 . To change grid and guide settings , press CTRL+G. To increase the indent level of a paragraph , press ALT+SHIFT+RIGHT ARROW . To decrease the indent level of a paragraph , press ALT+SHIFT+LEFT ARROW . To apply subscript formatting , select the text and then press CTRL+EQUAL SIGN ( =) .
L161	If the stones were hit , we should n't be here . That 's affirmative . Sergeant , get on that . Look , Camile , I 've been talking with our intelligence people . They all agree there 's no way a lone cargo ship would try an attack on Homeworld Command without packing a little something extra . We think there might be a bomb onboard , as yet unexploded . Stop it , will you ? Hey , Colonel ... We 're giving her the tour . She 's here to-- I 'm here to assess the potential and long - term viability of this mission . The corsair - almost a foot taller than the blood - drenched Drenai - landed the first blow , a juddering right that split the skin above Druss 's left eye . Druss pushed through the blow and sent an uppercut that thundered against the man 's rib - cage . Dfuss rode them and hammered an overhand right that spun his opponent in a half - circle . Following up he hit him again , clubbing the man to his knees . Stepping back , Druss sent a vicious kick that almost lifted the giant from the deck . He compromised by standing there looking stuffed . I 'm gon na spank 'em . - No ! Surprise ! A washing machine ! No shit ! Thank you . She might have no tits , but she has a nice ass . Grant ?
L162	I have called every week for two months . I 've looked forward to each call . She 's sleeping . Digital Agenda : only two social networking sites protect privacy of minors ' profiles by default Brussels , 21 June 2011 . A positive predictive value of 50 % ( 52/104 ; Study 1 ) was observed for HCV / HIV co - infected patients receiving bitherapy . Are any of those real ? Of course not . So you know something of security procedures . Well , I know video surveillance in a museum this size is cost - prohibitive . Most now rely on containment . Yes , forget about keeping the criminals out . Now we keep them in . I recognize the parquet floor from the Polaroid . lt 's unmistakable . We are a simple Catholic church . Simple ? With a brand - new $ 4 7-million headquarters in Manhattan . Our followers are generous , should we apologize for that ? Surely that is an admirable way to lead one 's life . Why are some media referring to Opus Dei as `` God 's mafia `` ? And the real Horton licked it , so it has his DNA . So all I have to do is get a sample of the fake Horton 's DNA and compare it , right ? Huh ? The colleague I was working with back in 2144 . You asked about him yesterday . Oh , right , yeah .
L163	Was there a question about our expedition ? Uh , yeah . I do n't remember what it was , sorry . Oh , well , it 'll come back to you just like it did to me . ( both chuckle ) Yeah . What are you doing ? Oh , sorry , I did n't realize . After that ... ... hopefully a buzz of messageswill then pass among jihadists ' networks ... ... announcing the Brothers of Awarenessas a new player . You got that ? Ah , there we are ! He does n't have any money , ey ? Either we eliminate those navajeros or we leave town ourselves . We 'd have already resolved it in one strike ... ... if only the sheriff knew how to go about his job ! || 0 Actions under Article 7(4 ) of the EGF Regulation 1 . Preparatory activities || - " Distinguish yourself in war Before your dream materializes you get gray hair By that time , your parents and friends are dead and gone Go back home , leave in the morning you had enough training the last few days Good experience Please , sir ! Take him , by all means . But ... Do ! Kids are often more willing than grownups Provided that we treated him like a grownup So , let 's treat him like one " Never have so many ... owed so much to so few . " They 're asleep .
L164	Go ahead . Oh , people of Sherwood , you been had ! Hoodwinked ! Yeah ! Are you with me , yea or nay ? Which one means yes ? Yea . Men , grab your uniforms and equipment ... and prepare for the training sequence . Now , men , I want you to keep your eye on Will ... and do exactly as he does . Very good . All right , Will ! No other aluminium lakes may be used . ... life or death . What 'll it be ? Stop the bombs . That 's good , but I ca n't . Nobody can be in two places at once . Why are you doing this ? It 's insane . No . It 's a test . One I 'm deadly serious about . We can stop . No . We have to know absolutely . Come quick ! See you soon , dear . Get out ! Go ! I wo n't tell anybody . I wo n't press charges . I did n't say anything . No one will know . Please , just go away ! Your papers , please . Is that you , Mellie ? It 's Mrs. Afou . ( Case C-420/14 P ) ( 2015/C 096/02 ) Language of the case : I 'm silly too . Oh , like what ? Yourmother 's not wearing her ring ? That isjust playing wrong . Hey . Practically . Practically .
L165	Father , how can I be taller than you ? An increased incidence of thrombotic vascular events ( see section 4.4 and section 4.8 - General ) has been observed in patients receiving erythropoietic agents . Independent of erythropoietin treatment , thrombotic and vascular events may occur in surgical patients with underlying cardiovascular disease following repeated phlebotomy . Therefore , routine volume replacement should be performed in such patients . They say already , philip was a great general , but alexander is simply Great . If you ever insult me again , I will kill you . Making himself a 13th ghost , Your majesty . I hope the prince is enjoying the spectacle as much as our regent . Bring the rest of the guard . No guard your majesty with all this crowd ? Cleitis , this man you can always trust Alexander , That these greeks say for themselves where I can walk through my people , Then let them call me tyrant , in the main garden after my entry only , Cleitis make sure the wine flows steady all day , I want them to like me . Father it is best I go with you . Mildred . The pregnancy ? Come along , my dear . You made an enemy there . Was it personal , you think ? Personal ? Maybe . He also believed you were a Jew . Something I 've rarely troubled to deny , mainly because of Syd .
L166	Sometimes I feel I 'm so close to getting it right ... ... but it slips away . Your father , shawn , and if he 's in trouble that 's good for us . The first , crucial step on this path will be the Single Supervisory Mechanism , which must subsequently be complemented by a Single Resolution Mechanism ( see 3.2.1 ) . A Single Supervisory Mechanism must ensure full sharing of information between supervisors about banks , common prevention tools and common action to address problems at the earliest possible stage . In order to restore confidence among banks , investors and national public authorities , it must also allow for supervision to be carried out in a strict and objective manner , with no room left for regulatory forbearance . On 12 September 2012 , the Commission made legislative proposals to create a Single Supervisory Mechanism composed of the ECB and national supervisors,[11 ] and to amend the 2010 regulation establishing the European Banking Authority in order to adapt it to the creation of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and ensure a balance in its decision - making structures between euro area and non - euro area Member States[12 ] . The Single Supervisory Mechanism as proposed by the Commission is based on the transfer to the European level of specific , key supervisory tasks for banks established in the euro area Member States and for banks established in non - euro area Member States which decide to join the banking union .
L167	The framework proposed by the Commission ensures effective and consistent supervision in all participating Member States , while relying on the specific know - how of national supervisors . It is of crucial importance that the negotiations on the SSM are completed before the end of the year , and that its implementation starts early on in 2013 . This will further reinforce the euro area , by helping to break the negative feedback loop between banks and their sovereigns . Depositor and market participants ' confidence is paramount in resolving banks . To achieve a level of public trust that is comparable to the best resolution authorities around the world , there will need to be a credible single resolution system and a powerful financial backstop in place . That responsibility remains national in the near term . But once the SSM is in place , and subject to the relevant guidelines , the ESM should be allowed to offer mutualised support to directly recapitalise banks that fail to raise funds in the market and that can not be rescued by their home Member State without endangering its fiscal sustainability . Second part ' hopes that ... of human rights' 3 April 2014 ANNEX II RESULT OF ROLL - CALL VOTES 1 . A7 - 0079/2014 - Peter Liese - Amendment 31 In favour : 104 ALDE : : Each Member State shall ensure that victims have a real and appropriate role in its criminal legal system .
L168	Member States shall notify the Commission of the quantities not released on the Union market . I know how people see me . Like one of those perfect girls that everything always works out for . I 'm not a robot . Spoken like a guy who has all the time in the world . Just ... Blue 16 ! Conina dragged her admiring gaze away from Nijel 's rapt face and turned it on to Rincewind , where it grew slightly cooler . She sidled across the floor and grabbed the wizard by the arm . Only boys get funny ideas and - well , anyway , if you do I will personally break all your-' ' He 's nice . I do n't seem to meet many nice people . ' ' Yes , well-' ' He 's looking at us ! ' ' Suppose he talks to me ! ' The Director - General of Eurostat shall act as authorising officer for the implementation of the appropriations allocated to Eurostat . Article 8 Chief Statistician 1 . The Director - General of Eurostat shall be regarded as the Chief Statistician . ( 99 ) For greater certainty , water transportation includes transport by lakes and rivers . They appreciate that you chose times and places where people did n't get hurt so let 's just make sure nobody does get hurt , yeah ? But do you want to hurt your daughter ? Darling , I 'm so sorry . You lied .
L169	That must mean that you 're a man of forgiveness , yes ? If I stay here , will you please let Monika go ? Erik , will you let Anna go ? Anna 's here because she wishes to be . Of course she 's not here because she wishes to be . The cooperating exporting producer as a preliminary remark argued that the past submissions of the GOP provided a reasoned legal analysis demonstrating that the schemes should not be considered as " prohibited " subsidies . || - - Light air - cured tobacco No accommodation or installations needed for vessel safety or operation may be located ahead of the plane of the collision bulkhead . This requirement shall not apply to anchor gear . Yeah . Yeah , yeah . You all right ? It 's ok . When we get back to D.C. someone from our office will contact you . I want to thank you for what you did in there . Yeah , well , brothers got ta stick together , right ? We , uh , found these downstairs . They all seem to have your name on them . Thank you . I 'm coming with you ! Where are we ? Near the creek where the 2 boys disappeared . And which way home ? That way where the sun sets . Which way to the Joliba river in Timbuktu ? One day , you 'll take me there to pray .
L170	I heard you coming . Let me tell you about Mamadu Diallo , the gold jeweller and Sira Kulibali , the catcher of babies . Less $ 10 . Deal . Can you put on a mask before have my hair cut ? It 's more hygienic . You know youhave much phlegm . OK . Bob cut for you . Down . It 's dangerous . Just for this time , please . What if there is an accident ? I 'll be seriously hurt . I 'll die . Reports are coming in here to the Pentagon that the ships appear to be stopping . Earrings are small . They come over , take a look at Lizzie 's stuff , and bam , they 're hooked . Oh hi , Luke , I did n't see you there . I 'm so glad that you came out . Hi . She 's been waiting for you . Looking for me ? My Mom would like to invite you for dinner tonight . Thank you ! I 'm busy tonight ... really sorry . What 's wrong ? Nothing . Nothing . I 'm going back to work then . Shuhei ! What do you want to hear ? Come on , tell me . I 'd go to the isle of Ruegen and cast your ashes to the wind . And then ? Artwell , what if he did ? What would you have done ?
L171	See what I 'm trying to say ? Letter - of - the - law type of thing . Sure , the guy pulls on you first , you 've got no choice to put him down , which is fine , unless it looks like you maneuvered him into giving you no choice . Let him go ! Put it down ! A check has revealed an error in the Annex to Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 902/2010 ( 3 ) . Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 902/2010 should therefore be amended accordingly . In particular , it requires conformity to standards of impartiality , reliability , objectivity , scientific independence , accuracy , cost - effectiveness and statistical confidentiality . Taking due account of the obligations under the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe ( UNECE ) Convention on Access to Information , Public Participation in Decision - making and Access to Justice in Environmental Matters of 25 June 1998 ( Aarhus Convention ) , the necessary protection of confidentiality on data of commercial value needs to be assured , among other means , by an appropriate aggregation when publishing statistics . To guarantee comparable results , statistics on pesticides should be produced in accordance with a specified breakdown , in an appropriate form and within a fixed period of time from the end of a reference year as defined in the Annexes of this Regulation .
L172	The measures necessary for the implementation of this Regulation should be adopted in accordance with Council Decision 1999/468/EC of 28 June 1999 laying down the procedures for the exercise of implementing powers conferred on the Commission ( 8 ) . In particular , the Commission should be empowered to determine quality evaluation criteria , adopt specific definitions and adapt the Annexes . It came in last week , and I put it right in your box . Did he have wild eyes ? He was speeding . I mean , like right now I 'm missing my sister . And I lost her during Richie Haven 's performance . I 've got her tickets home . She 's all right . Sure she is . It 's just that I 'd like to see her so I can get home in time . Otherwise , I 'd probably let her hitch home . European register of authorised types of vehicles The data to be provided for the register provided for in Article 34 of Directive 2008/57/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council ( 1 ) are those indicated in Commission Implementing Decision 2011/665/EU of 4 October 2011 on the European register of authorised types of railway vehicles ( 2 ) . Annex B is amended as follows : ( a ) Section B.2 Module SD ( Production Quality Management System ) is amended as follows : What do you mean ? How will you grow from this experience ?
L173	Sun paper . We 'll bury these guys softly and in a hole so deep no one will ever get close to digging them up . Well , it is a little more problematic for me . The offenders are in my shop , are they not ? Yes ! I 'll marry the old monster , in 3 days time . You 're not willing to . Go away if you want to . Let me go . It 's dawn . It 's better , then we can go . Let me off . I wo n't if you do n't go with me . Release me ! Tsing ! You beggar , how can you save me ? Do n't day dream . You want my money . CONSENSUS The requirements of IAS 21 regarding the translation of foreign currency transactions and financial statements of foreign operations should be strictly applied to the changeover . The same rationale applies to the fixing of exchange rates when countries join EMU at later stages . At the end of 2011 , nearly all companies in OECD countries were connected to the Internet . Where 's Richard ? I paged all the board members . She does n't know things . So tell me . A church was evacuating some people , and their bus overturned . Good news is , everyone survived , and there are no major injuries . And the bad news ? Everything else .
L174	I am telling you that E.R. can not open today . I had a baby . Language of the case : French An action against the Council of the European Union was brought before the Court of First Instance of the European Communities on 18 May 2005 by José María Perez Santander , residing in Ixelles ( Belgium ) , represented by G. Vandersanden and L. Levi , lawyers . Article 3 1 . Finland shall recover the State aid referred to in Article 2 from the beneficiary . Yes , of course . The whales- any contact ? Your perception is correct , doctor . To return us to the moment we left the 23rd century , I 've used our journey through time as a referent , calculating the elapsed time in relation to the acceleration curve . Sampling , market economy treatment and individual treatment In view of the large number of exporting producers , Community producers and importers involved in the investigation , the application of sampling techniques was envisaged in the notice of initiation , in accordance with Article 17 of the basic Regulation . The Commission also contacted known associations of exporting producers and the authorities of the PRC . These parties raised no objections to the use of sampling . In total , 33 exporters / producers in the PRC , 24 Community producers and 15 importers replied to the sampling questionnaire within the time - limits and provided the requested information .
L175	What will make you fight like a man ? Then you should n't have come . You made a big mistake , tin pan . You know that ? Can I take a look at your goods ? Leave them be . Canvas , burlap and wood . You should n't play with matches . Goddamn ! Much obliged . Hull Barret 's my name . You from hereabouts ? After what you did , I would n't stay in town . My cabin has two rooms . Let 's do it again . the roof . They 're still closing . Uh , no . Is grateful for the transmission to the discharge authority of the annual report on the internal audit function but regrets that despite the request contained in paragraph 15 of its resolution of 12 April 2005 ( 9 ) this one - page report still does not provide a clear picture of the current control environment ; But you heard what he called the Captain . Look at the way Kirk is ignoring that Klingon . Chief , are you sure that 's Kirk ? garbage scow . Half the Quadrant knows it . Mr. Scott . Laddie do n't you think you should ... rephrase that ? You 're right . I should . How are we gon na know it ? We'il understand it . Come with me . Come on , be quick ! This way ! Get in ! You are human .
L176	A human should only use his force to destroy evil . The lunch is ready . My sister has prepared it . What is the menu ? Fried insect and boiled snake . Yuck ! If you do n't eat , your good looks would go bad . ' Think about Mom . ' Well , it beats the statue thing . You said " divorce " . You got my attention . I think that we 're too different ... .. to stay together . I mean ... I remember . I remember the silence in the house . I thought I was supposed to be strong . For me ? For me . A sustained haemoglobin level of greater than 12 g / dl ( 7.45 mmol / l ) should be avoided ; guidance for appropriate dose adjustment if haemoglobin values exceeding 12 g / dl ( 7.45 mmol / l ) are observed are described below . The recommended initial dose is 20,000 IU , independent of bodyweight , given once - weekly . If , after 4 weeks of therapy , the haemoglobin value has increased by at least 1 g / dl ( 0.62 mmol / l ) , the current dose should be continued . The maximum dose should not exceed 60,000 IU per week .
L177	Boss ... he came too fast and got right to Xiao Kai I ... Enough Yes Yes He 's here How many men has he brought ? None , just him and Xiao Kai Master Qiu , thanks for bringing him I admire your courage to come alone Someone like you has appeared in Shanghai it 's ajoke we could have missed you It was my decision . The internship is your ticket into medical school . But I 'm allowed to change my mind . So , this has nothing to do with David ? No . Then what 's going on ? Maybe I do want more time with David . Honey . Yeah . That 's not where I am . The dream had been incredibly vivid . He could see the splintery wicker creel in the bow of the boat , he could see the red tire patches on Granther McGee 's old green boots , he could see his own old and wrinkled first baseman 's mitt , and looking at it made him remember that he had Little League practice tomorrow at Roosevelt Field . L_2004298EN.01002501.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 298/25 COMMISSION DECISION of 16 September 2004 amending Commission Decision 2001/376/EC as regards the dispatch of meat - and - bone meal of mammalian origin and related products from Portugal ( notified under document number C(2004 ) The trafficking of small arms and light weapons continues to afflict Kosovo .
L178	Kosovo has an extensive legislative and institutional framework against corruption . The anti - corruption agency is in charge of implementing the laws on the declaration of assets and the prevention of conflicts of interest . However , its expertise in identifying and following up corruption risks in the public sector , including via risk assessments in vulnerable sectors , remains limited . Two other anti - corruption bodies have overlapping roles and responsibilities in the fight against corruption , which limits their effectiveness in this endeavour . Despite a modern public procurement law in place , the abuse of public procurement procedures remains a major problem in Kosovo . The law on political party financing does not prohibit donations from legal entities that also provide goods and services to the public administration . Under the current state of legislative and institutional development , Kosovo 's capacity to effectively combat organised crime and corruption remains limited , with a potentially severe impact on the EU 's internal security . Compared to the threats posed by organised crime and corruption , terrorism originating in Kosovo appears to pose a lesser threat to the EU 's internal security . Kosovo is encouraged to consider the recommendations set out in this report to limit the threats posed by organised crime and corruption to the EU 's internal security . This post may be transferred to one of Parliament 's other places of work . I could drink a beer now ,
L179	Fine . Keep the bodies . Nobody mourns these men . Excuse me ... I 've got some information on the dead men in the life raft . An hour and a half . Keep it quiet . Who ... ? My five would devastate any five you could put together right now ! You pick , we play . " Jack 's eyes swept around the court . Everybody was looking in their direction . Jack considered the challenge and weighed the pluses and the minuses . First of all , he wanted more exercise so he did want to play , and he knew that Warren could make it happen . These were people Jack had been painstakingly cultivating over the past months to accept him . Beyond that , the people who were supposed to have winners would be especially vexed , not at Warren , who was insulated from such emotion , but at Jack . Considering all the angles , Jack decided it was n't worth it . It would be surprising if the corporate acquisition resulted in industrial change much less radical than a PE buyout , since the purpose of a corporate acquisition is always to enhance the earnings of the acquirer . Similarly , radical industrial change would also be expected in a conventional turn around , following the introduction of new management . 3.5 . 2005 to 2007 was the era of the mega LBO . Banks were lending with the lightest of covenants .
L180	The new CEO of Stark Industries . - I know . I know . - Congratulations . Very well done . Hey , buddy . How you doing ? Everything that Tony and I do ... - Well , what 's the use of having ... Natalie . Tony 's ... You know , he ... We 're not competitive . PANDEMIC INFLUENZA VACCINE H5N1 BAXTER is a vaccine used in individuals aged 6 months adults and older . It is used to prevent influenza ( flu ) in an officially declared pandemic . The symptoms ( signs ) of pandemic flu are similar to those of an ' ordinary' flu but are usually more severe . The vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . One was the thought that it was almost the weekend ; the other was that , dreadful though his final detention with Umbridge was sure to be , he had a distant view of the Quidditch pitch from her window and might , with luck , be able to see something of Ron 's tryout . These were rather feeble rays of light , it was true , but Harry was grateful for anything that might lighten his present darkness ; he had never had a worse first week of term at Hogwarts .
L181	Harry picked up the quill and glanced through the window . Keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . Do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after " EXP " . The expiry date refers to the last day of that month . This medicine may pose a risk to the environment . Ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . These measures will help protect the environment . She insisted . Who ? Meg . Something to remember her by . The flat tyre , the dog . And the only thing I can say in my defense is ... that I have no defense . I jumped to conclusions and thought the worst . Where 's this old crate going to ? Will you marry me when get there ? A man gets the wife he deserves . On the basis of a peer review , the Authority may issue guidelines and recommendations pursuant to Article 16 . In accordance with Article 16(3 ) , the competent authorities shall endeavour to follow those guidelines and recommendations . The Authority shall take into account the outcome of the peer review when developing draft regulatory technical or implementing technical standards in accordance with Articles 10 to 15 . Subject : Animal rights and environmental extremists Answer from the Commission ( 18 August 2010 ) Appendix 2 is replaced by the following :
L182	The budget foresees a sizeable increase in public investment and the continued full play of automatic stabilisers which , given the generous indexation rules , will imply a large increase in social transfers . At the same time , it includes a nominal freeze in public wages - total compensation of employees in the general government sector would increase by less than 1 % in 2010 - nominal reductions in other current spending , and increases in taxes on cigarettes and fuel oil . Importantly , the budget was based on cautious macroeconomic assumptions . This might lead to positive revenue surprises in 2010 . In a letter from 7 January 2010 to Commissioner Almunia , Finance Minister Rostowski presented a fiscal consolidation plan for 2010 - 2012 . The main measures announced included a gradual increase and equalisation of the retirement age for men and women at 67 years , the inclusion of uniformed services personnel in the general security system , and a broadening of the tax base ( some specific professions will have to use fiscal cash registers ) and additionally , an acceleration of privatisations starting from 2010 . [ 6 ] Overall , while not negligible , the fiscal effort implied by current policies for the period 2010 - 2012 is significantly smaller than that recommended by the Council in July 2009 ( 3¾ percentage point of GDP over the period ) .
L183	Oh , there 's the old softie . This is a big step forward . 'Cause if we are , I want my money fast . I canget it really quick . My bags are already packed . The initiative will help Regional Policy to support the EU 's strategic goals of boosting growth and jobs across Europe . More Regulations Regulations are the strongest form of EU legislation . They are of general application , binding in their entirety and directly enforceable in all Member States . Legislation relating to EU Cohesion Policy usually takes the form of regulations . More Rural Development The EU 's policy on Rural Development helps rural areas respond to the challenges they face , and is part of a horizontal policy approach to creating growth and jobs in Europe . Strategic EU Guidelines provide an overall policy framework , and general rules are laid down in Council Regulation 1698/2005 on support for rural development by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development ( EAFRD ) . Law Application for a declaration that there is no need to adjudicate in part 16 In its letter of 14 February 2012 , OHIM submits that , as the intervener has withdrawn its application for registration in respect of ' alcoholic beverages' , the present action has become devoid of purpose in so far as it concerns those goods . 18 The applicant did not take up the Court 's invitation to submit observations on that letter .
L184	The Agreement in the form of an Exchange of Letters between the European Union and the United States of America pursuant to Article XXIV:6 and Article XXVIII of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade ( GATT ) 1994 relating to the modification of concessions in the schedules of the Republic of Bulgaria and Romania in the course of their accession to the European Union , approved by Council Decision 2013/125/EU ( 5 ) , provides for additional quantities covered by import tariff quota for poultrymeat and pigmeat products to be granted by the Union . Therefore , the quantities available for the respective Union import tariff quotas for poultrymeat and pigmeat should be adjusted . Regulations ( EC ) No 533/2007 , ( EC ) No 536/2007 and ( EC ) No 442/2009 should therefore be amended accordingly . Place and postal code : ... 3.1.4.3 . Country : ... 3.2 . Person B 3.2.1 . This morning , the first in many years , he forgot his morning prayers . God would understand that His work must be done quickly . HOW WEARY SHE must have been , Moudi thought . Both nuns started to wakefulness when the aircraft touched down . So , he 'd gotten her here alive at least . Her eyes were open , though confused as an infant 's as she stared at the curving ceiling of the cabin . Four people came into the aircraft , all of them dressed in protective plastic .
L185	Moudi loosened the straps on his patient , waving the other nun to stay in place . Carefully , the four army medics lifted the sturdy plastic sheet by the corners and moved toward the door . The flight crew had their orders , and the orders had been repeated often enough . ( a ) 20 mg per electrode pair + 0,3 mg per tube length in cm , but not more than 80 mg , for outdoor applications and indoor applications exposed to temperatures below 20 ° C ; ( b ) 15 mg per electrode pair + 0,24 mg per tube length in cm , but not more than 80 mg , for all other indoor applications . No , that 's okay . Thank you . Ciaran donnelly is n't in his house or in his shop . We 've checked all the bars in town and nobody 's seen him . Okay , thanks , ingrid . Henry . Sorry . Sorry . I 'm dci morton . Well , because then I would n't be working independently . So do you think it 's a mammoth 's tooth ? Intramuscular ( IM ) and subcutaneous ( SC ) use The contents of the vial should be used immediately after piercing of the rubber stopper . For single use only . Read the package leaflet before use . Before Daddy comes , we can find them if we look together . It 's all right , baby .
L186	Give me another refill . Okay . Just crossed over the No . 2 11 alarm . He 's insured . He 's a player . Maybe he buyshis bonds back from us ... ... for 60 percent of their value . Makes40 percent on top of the 100 percent . They were airborne . Smart . Somebody called a guard " Slick . " Item 1 4 0 8 - Entitlements on entering the service , transfer and leaving the service and other expenditure for services to staff during their career Budget 2014 Appropriations 2013 Outturn 2012 And right now I want to make cheese , said Tiffany calmly . Go away . There were two little but strangely loud clicks as Tiffany put down the butter paddles and turned round . That was a very brave thing you just said , she said , but I expect you re sorry you said it , now that you ve had a really good think ? Roland , who had shut his eyes , nodded his head . Good , said Tiffany . Today I m making cheese . Tomorrow I may do something else . And in a while , maybe , I wo nt be here and you ll wonder : Where is she ? But part of me will always be here , always . Ill always be thinking about this place . And I will be back . He turned and ran . Hold him !
L187	There are multiple illegal time launches in progress . Where ? What the fuck ? Calculating time launch locations . These launches are coming out of the Society for Historical Authenticity . What ? Ryan , you take Jeffers , assemble a team and find out what 's going on over there . You got it . Travis , you start the re - arrests now . Yes , sir . We lost him . I doubt if it 's possible - if it will work at all , someone 's already used it here on Earth . " Yes - swordplay . || 39 , [ 50(a ) ] , [ 51(a ) ] 134 No 2290/77 of 18 October 1977 determining the emoluments of the Members of the Court of Auditors ( OJ L 268 , 20.10.1977 , p. I 'm sorry ! I mistook you for a bell . Um , no , I mean I did n't realize you were actually ... alive ! Hold on , ma que fa , stupido ! What do you think you 're doing knocking out all o'my customers like that ? In certain cases , the judge is bound by the written evidence if it is not contested by the other party . c ) Do certain means of proof carry more weight than others ?
L188	An authenticated deed , drawn up by a public official ( notary public , bailiff , etc . ) in the course of his duties , is deemed authentic unless a plea of forgery is entered . A private agreement ( a document drawn up without the intervention of a public official by the parties themselves with their signatures only ) is deemed authentic in the absence of evidence to the contrary . Witness testimony , as well as other means of proof , is within the discretion of the judge . d ) Are certain conditions compulsory in order to provide the proof of certain facts ? Written proof is necessary for the drawing up of a legal document ( contract ) the value of which exceeds 800 euros . But the form of evidence of a fact ( accident , etc . ) , is discretionary . a ) Are witnesses obliged by law to testify ? Every person is obliged to cooperate in legal proceedings with a view to discovering the truth . b ) Under what circumstances may a witness refuse to testify ? He may also refuse if his testimony has a bearing on a fact subject to professional secrecy . Furthermore , the witness may selectively refuse to testify if he can prove just impediment ( impossibility of travel , illness , professional reasons , etc . ) . The judge will assess the legitimacy of this impediment .
L189	I do not want to disappoint you , and it is not yet confirmed , but they may cancel program Mounties . For irons , damn it . You will come out ? Yes , it will go . With my savings and the disability pension of Sam , we cope . If you see anything , call me . It also applies to information which is of a ' particularly sensitive nature' , such as health information . Without sadness , we would n't know joy or love ... and love is what makes life worth- Ooh . - We 're all lining up for lunch . Come on . Fish sticks ! And seeing that madeJamal realize that he could n't live without Hector either . So he tried to get him off the fence . - which they thought was cool . Hector , you crazy fool . So , you were that woman 's lover ? Yes , I was . Ten years ago ! Ten years ago . Henry dear , it 's not going to trouble us . You believe that , Margaret ? You with your refined pursuits and your books ... what can you guess of any man 's life , his temptations ? I 've spoken too much already . It was in Cyprus . I was very lonely . You can never forgive me , can you ? Cook maps the majority of the New Zealand coastline .
L190	Me too . Yeah , I 'm sure . I always feel like ... ... the general of an army when I start dating . Plotting my strategy and maneuverings ... ... knowing his weak points , what would hurt him , seduce him . It 's horrible . If we were always around each other ... ... what would be the first thing about me that would drive you mad ? No . I 'm not going to answer this question . I dated this girl once who used to always ask me that . " What about me bugs you ? " Finally I said , " I do n't think you handle criticism too well . " That 's true . All she wanted was to have an excuse ... ... to tell me what she thought was wrong with me . Uhn ! -Are you scared , Bobby ? We were scared , Bobby . And grabbed us tight . And we could n't even scream . You walked right past that door . And now , they wo n't find you . It was n't just me , Dean . I had a sister . Have him peel the top label back . Is there a label underneath ? It does , does n't it ? At Meigs Field , I want the Lear Jet prepped and a plan filed with St. Louis . Are you here ? Francis , why are you doing this to me ?
L191	Are you in this room ? Where are you ? You answer me ! We know he works at Gateway . We do n't have his name , but we know he drives a van . She believed so . Madeline opened her eyes after a while and found that night had fallen . The cool wind tugged at her hair , and through waving strands she saw Stewart 's profile , bold and sharp against the sky . Then , as her mind succumbed to her bodily fatigue , again her situation became unreal and wild . I know someone who 's trying . I got a message for you . Nobody 's bringing me in . Is this a hangover in the future ? Ca n't you help ? It 's too big . Stop playing dumb , you know what to do . Explain the situation . Be at his mercy . Hi , how 's Tokyo ? Something 's come up . I 'm still in New York . Why is that ? * : Corrected for multiple comparisons and adjusted for stratification factors ( stage of disease and region of treatment ) , based on evaluable patient population . In the case of beverages containing more than 1,2 % by volume of alcohol , the Council , acting on a proposal from the Commission , shall , before 22 December 1982 , determine the rules for labelling ingredients .
L192	These summaries should be sufficiently detailed to permit a reasonable understanding of the substance of the information submitted in confidence . Mrs. Kowalski 's really something . They hired a detective , they say he 's the best . He arrives at noon , today . Maybe he 'll get it back . I hope so . It 's 10:30 , I still have time . I 'm taking the gun on this one , it 's a serious case . Here , Franco . You 'll love Dexidrine . He 'll shit everywhere . Stop hiding ! This is great . Just enjoy yourself . Sounds like another mystery guest has arrived . Let me go get that . Have fun . Enjoy yourself . How about pool ? Then get the fuses ! I know ! Two seconds . Ed ! Shaun ! No ! Ed , for the last time , it 's ... I fucking knew it ! What did I tell you ? Production and quality control of products and devices in human medicine , veterinary medicine and dentistry required the use of 14,9 % of the total number of animals .
L193	[ pic ] Bearing in mind that the comparison aims to detect changes in trends rather than draw formal conclusions , the most significant change that has taken place since 2005 is that the number of animals used for research and development for human medicine , dentistry and veterinary medicine has dropped sharply from 31 % to 22,8 % ( in terms of animal numbers the decrease is from 3,746,028 to 2,733,706 ) . To be noted in particular was the significant reduction of more than 800,000 cold - blooded animals since the last report of 2005 . It should be underlined that both fundamental biology and research and development in human and veterinary medicine are the areas using by far the highest number of animals for experimental purposes in the EU . For additional details see the Staff Working Document . The number of animals used for toxicological and other safety evaluation has remained virtually unchanged since the last report and amounts to 8,7 % of the total number of animals used for experimental purposes in the EU . This represents 1,042,153 animals . There is a substantial increase in the use of mice and rabbits for the production and quality control of products and devices for human medicine and dentistry ' , but also an increase in use of mice , pigs and birds for ' fundamental biological research ' and in ' other experiments ' .
L194	III.4 . No financial implications 3.2 . Container ( box 19 ) Type / Length : n1 Use the codes provided for the purpose to enter particulars of the presumed situation at the border of the Contracting Party in whose territory the office of departure is located , as known at the time the goods were placed under the common transit procedure . The following codes shall be used no . INN Pharmaceutical form Route of administration Film - coated tablet Oral use Dienogest Ethinylestradiol Motion ratiopharm 2 mg/0,03 mg Filmtabletten 0,03 mg 2 mg Oral use Dienogest Ethinylestradiol Sibilla 0,03 mg/2 mg Filmtabletten The titles of all other Acts are printed in bold type and preceded by an asterisk . Mikael . Mikael . Mikael , as in the vampire hunter who knows how to kill Klaus ? Yep . And I like to call him papa original . These images tell a story to learn the story , you have to decipher these images . Sloppy . The ghost of Christmas past , Mason Lockwood , said that the cave would lead us to a weapon that could kill Klaus . Yeah , but does n't Mikael have a weapon ? Bang . You 're dead . These images , at the very least , might tell us what that weapon is . Then all we have to do is find out what they mean . XX.X ) for both microphone positions .
L195	If a sound peak obviously out of character with the general sound pressure level is observed , that measurement shall be discarded . Hey ! No ! I 'm innocent ! His performance had given me a bad jolt . But the room was quiet again . Where did you get this ? Never mind . It 's absolutely pure . What kind of monster client have you hooked up with ? Satanism freak . I think there 's only one source for this stuff . The ... adrenalin gland from a ... living human ... body . He offered me human blood , said it would take me higher than I 'd been . Or maybe just a fresh adrenaline gland to chew on . X Cord impaired . He hit me ! Thank you . Now , will you identify the man who beat you ? I most certainly will . I ca n't use my left hand at all . Sit down . Were you acquainted with Mayella Violet Ewell ? Yes , sir . I had to pass her place going to and from the field every day . None 's I know of . And I went home . Atticus , you want me to go with you ? No , son . Is Helen here ? - Yes , sir . EN Official Journal of the European Union C 81/28 Action brought on 21 January 2015 - International Management Group v Commission ( Case T-29/15 ) ( 2015/C 081/36 )
L196	Secondly , the applicant was not entirely free to decide whether and to what extent to sell its products on the domestic Chinese market or on foreign markets . 37 By the present plea , the applicant contests , first , the interpretation given by the Commission , and subsequently by the Council , to Article 2(7 ) of the basic regulation . 38 Secondly , it challenges the findings , of the Commission and of the Council which led them to take the view that the criteria laid down in Article 2(7 ) of the basic regulation were not fulfilled . In particular , the applicant challenges the findings , made by the Commission in the part of its fax of 17 December 1999 entitled ' Results of the Investigation' , that the applicant is under no obligation to make provision for bad debts on the liabilities side of its balance sheet , that a limit equal to the level of its capital is imposed on its foreign - currency account , that sales at a loss were systematically made on the Chinese domestic market , that the applicant is prohibited under the Pricing Law from charging different prices to similar customers in China , that there are restrictions on the freedom to sell on the Chinese domestic market and that the applicant submitted inaccurate information to the Commission during the investigation .
L197	That complaint must likewise be rejected because the Community institutions based their assessment of that question on the documents which the applicant had itself sent to the Commission in its reply to Part D of the investigation questionnaire and on the documents which the Commission inspected during the verification visit to the applicant 's premises . 41 Moreover , the applicant has failed to explain what it means by ' new information' and has merely referred to the information in its own documents . It thus acknowledged in its reply that ' all invoices for all single ... transactions [ on the Chinese domestic market ] were available during the verification visit as well as all other accounting and cost of production information' . Accordingly , the Community institutions were under no obligation to send Shanghai Teraoka the documents in question after having drawn conclusions from them , given that the applicant supplied those documents and was therefore familiar with all of them . 42 It should be added that the new argument put forward by the applicant in its reply in support of its allegation of infringement of Article 20(4 ) of the basic regulation , namely that during the proceedings before the Court the Council produced information which had not been disclosed to the applicant during the administrative procedure , is irrelevant . That argument reveals a confusion between the procedure for the grant of market economy status and the procedure for the imposition of definitive anti - dumping measures .
L198	Since Article 20(4 ) of the basic regulation , which governs the latter procedure , has no bearing on the grant of market economy status , a failure to comply with it can not be properly relied on by the applicant with respect to documents which were used specifically for the purpose of obtaining such status . They did n't recognize you were n't Van Worden ? They probably did n't , if they held me up . That 's what logic would dictate . You will ride to my castle , señor , a few miles away . What if they find me ? They can not enter my castle . If I too could take advantage of your hospitality , I could hope for a quiet night . Knowing the señor cabalist , I know he wo n't refuse shelter . I will have time to reconsider everything that 's happened to me . That could drive an inexperienced person insane . End of Part One She kissed you ? It 's not what you think . Jonah , she was drunk . She loves you . Trust me . So , what should we toast ? Okay , you are either really thirsty or really upset . Jonah , you were having the biggest meeting of your career . I did n't want to burden you with my modeling woes . Right , well , you could have texted me .
L199	" Mym never stopped loving you , you know , so sometimes I - never mind . I simply was n't expecting you here . Come in ; I know he will want to see you . " Orb complied . " The figure who - with the worms - ? " ( b ) The Principality of Liechtenstein ( under the Agreement on the European Economic Area ) ; ( c ) The Kingdom of Norway ( under the Agreement on the European Economic Area ) ; ( d ) The Swiss Confederation ( under the Agreement between the European Community and the Swiss Confederation on Air Transport ) Are there any starting points for time limits which apply exceptionally or particularly in certain civil procedures ? A time limit expressed in days ends after the number of days of the period is added to the starting point , as described in the answer to question 5b ) . A period expressed in weeks , months or years and starting from a certain date ends at 24.00 ( midnight ) of the corresponding day in the last week , month or year but , if the corresponding day does not exist in the last month , the period ends on the last day of that month ( Article 279(c ) of the Civil Code ) . If the period expires on a Saturday , Sunday or a public holiday or non - working day , is it extended until the first following working day ?
L200	The courts are only open on working days . Maybe you cling too much . Get away from me . You should n't be here . Resisting your recommendations ? How much under your thumb do you think we are ? How much do you want our help ? Giles ! I understand you thinkthis is unfair . There are factors which should motivate you to go along with the review . Jinx ! No . All he has to do is turn over that squirming slayer girl . I have business to do with her . " Thank you , and goodbye . " They'il even drop the TV ballet . Do n't you do anything apart from watching TV ? Do n't you do anything apart from watching TV ? To get back to my mother . And it 's her birthday next week . Just call me back . What 's going on ? This weird video started playing on the campus channel . STEPHEN : Abby ? Abby ! That 's all right . When I ... When I was reviewing your tape , Folly ! It was a silly argument . Both of them knew it twenty words into the thing . Even when Odrade fell silent , Bellonda charged onward into empty ramparts . " You owe me a fine dinner , Bell . " Owe you . . . " Bellonda started to splutter . " A peace offering , " Odrade said .
L201	" So you want it for morale ! " At this point , Bellonda would have accepted almost any justification . Odrade beamed at Sheeana . Hello . Good evenin ' How are you ? Yeah . Yes bad time right now . Take no too long . I like introduce you to New Testament . And for blacks , shit , do n't ever let me get started . So , between the Indians and the blacks , we 've had enough of the white man 's dominance , be it through religion , politics , or whatever . Fuck . That does it . Oh , man . What a lovely picture . Are you out of your fuckin ' foreign mind ? What , you think we 're running a goddamn foster home here ? That 's all . 1 . ( 2 ) In 2010 , Continental Airlines ( CO ) and United Air Lines merged ( Case COMP / M.5889 - United Air Lines / Continental Airlines ) . On 31 March 2013 , the merger between those two carriers was completed . CO was a party to the antitrust investigation in this case until the date of the merger 's completion . Do n't come any farther . Sad little birdie ... It 's gone . What is ? There he is ! Got ya ! When we touched , I felt the tiniest spark . What was that feeling ?
L202	Straight and gay they all sway and Lexington , and Madison , it 's all so ooh ! Mochaccino You gotto say balle balle while you do that ... Balle balle balle balle ! Aunty ... you're not eating food 's not good ? This parantha is really good ... Whatever it is ... it 's good ! What 's that ? So tell me about the dowry , what are you giving me ? What am I giving you ? The boy gives the girls family the dowry And lots and lots of gifts I do n't know why but I 'm really sleepy Go sleep my dear ... Definitely . Leave a message at the beep . Benny . I got a body here in Carencro with two holes in it , and I just found out you went fishing . Do I need to tell you what this looks like ? It 's not me , Dean . Benny ... or Roy ? Who 'd you plant , Benny ? Victim number two . If you 're concerned about the missed calls , I did n't want to get you involved . Now ... Want to safety that thing , talk a little bit or what ? I 'm all ears . Rogue vamp . Came into the café a couple nights ago -- youngster goes by the name of Desmond . I 've never seen her . Of course she 's sick .
L203	" In 15 minutes , two glasses of champagne .. " " .. and a thief will be waiting for you on the terrace . " " 5 minutes . " Do you know what this means ? Ms. Harleen , you 're an international criminal now . But we know the truth . Ms. Harleen ... To go back to your grandma . And that opportunity is sealed in this transmitter . Come with me . We ca n't stay here now . 40(1)(b ) Art . Freddy 's turning the ship . " " It wo n't cost us too much fuel . " Joyce heard Renner setting a direction for the other ship . Sinbad and Atropos would diverge . Four minutes later - the lightspeed gap - Group A 's junk pile pulled into two masses . They 'd armed it with motors . Then why are you wasting my time ? Doctor . ( d ) for share options outstanding at the end of the period , the range of exercise prices and weighted average remaining contractual life . If the range of exercise prices is wide , the outstanding options shall be divided into ranges that are meaningful for assessing the number and timing of additional shares that may be issued and the cash that may be received upon exercise of those options .
L204	Her ? Yes She and I are special . She and I are the true Noir . Kirika is a true Noir ? I would like to become friends with you . 30 - 56 x 1 - 90 tablets BATCH NUMBER For Mode 1 Unbound except for consultancy services . ( b ) formulate advice in relation to the implementation of the CFP rules , including prioritisation of Union financial assistance ; and ( c ) exchange information on control and inspection activities , including the fight against IUU fishing . Code ' ZZ' stands for ' of other origin' . On preliminary examination , the Commission finds that the notified transaction could fall within the scope of Regulation ( EC ) No 139/2004 . However , the final decision on this point is reserved . Pursuant to the Commission Notice on a simplified procedure for treatment of certain concentrations under Council Regulation ( EC ) No 139/2004 ( 2 ) it should be noted that this case is a candidate for treatment under the procedure set out in the Notice . The Commission invites interested third parties to submit their possible observations on the proposed operation to the Commission . Observations can be sent to the Commission by fax ( No ( 32 - 2 ) 296 43 01 or 296 72 44 ) or by post , under reference number COMP / M. 3742 - Corman / Glanbia Consumer Foods / JV , to the following address :
L205	European Commission Directorate - General for Competition Merger Registry J-70 B-1049 Brussels ( 1 ) OJ L 24 , 29.1.2004 , p. 1 . ( 2 ) OJ C 56 , 5.3.2005 , p. 32 . The legal kind of property and the contents of the rights are to be judged according to the law of the State in which the property is located ( Article 31 IPRG ) . The area of application of the reference standard includes , in particular , ownership , servitudes ( charges on land ) , pledge , building law , flat ownership , and rights of retention effective against third parties . The consequences of the transfer of ownership are also covered by this law . A subsequent change of location does not affect the applicable law , because the acquisition of the right represents a concluded fact . The effects of an acquisition of a right are based on the law of the respective location . This connecting factor is therefore changeable . Questions relating to the extent of legal protection of the owner , whether and to what extent the party having the real right is authorized to dispose of it , for example whether pledged collateral can also be sold without judicial intervention , and other questions are to be judged according to this law . There is a special ruling for means of transport ( Article 33 IPRG ) .
L206	There is also a special ruling for immovable tangible property : if real rights to immovable property are also included in the area of application of another reference standard ( for example that for the matrimonial property regime ) , the property law reference , that is to say the connection to the law of the State in which the property is located , takes precedence . In accordance with Article 1 IPRG , this would have to be judged under property law according to the law to which it is most closely related . Chartered rights are judged according to lex cartae . For securities in accounting systems , special rulings of Articles 16 and 18 of the Finality Act , which implements the Finality Directive 98/26/EC , apply . I stole them from the hotel , put them inside my suitcase . What are you talking about ? Two years ago , I rented a chicken suit . I stood outside the William Morris Agency and tried to hand out copies of my script . All that 's behind you now . What if you 're wrong ? Have you ever seen a man die ? I 'm not sure I understand the question . No , have you actually seen a person die , watched them bleed to death , seen them take their last breath ? I 've seen that ... many times . But you do n't have to be afraid . He 'll crawl away and die someplace .
L207	Sentries , out ! Now ! Perfect . Just what I need . You do not know whatyou're talking about . Soyou lied to me ... and then you went to this girl 's hotel room to threaten her ? . I did n't threaten her . I told her I wanted the narcotics back ... or I was gon na go to the cops . We 're never gon na see that guy again . I promiseyou that . It was a rough day . The insane guywho came in the office . Just put down the phone so I can think ! No , I definitely did n't . Then there 's nothing to worry about . I got ta show something ... 'cause otherwise people are n't gon na know what 's going on up here . ( 2 ) Whereas , within the framework of the common transport policy , certain road traffic within the Community should operate under the most favourable circumstances as regards both safety and competitive conditions applying to carriers in the Member States ; And Angel ( laughing ) Sees me Well starting that day I put my life back together . Right ? Come here . What about you buddy ? You 're from another planet , are n't you ? There was something special missin'in his life that every man needs to feel whole . I got ta get him laid . - What ?
L208	Muscles ca n't buy Mad Dog . Hey , boys . Denise ! You 're waiting for Mademoiselle Romanis . She 's at The Paradise , indisposed . I 'm her messenger . Has she reached a decision ? But I wish you would reconsider . There are some feelings which are so unendurable we would do anything to escape them . We can only distract ourselves for a while . Did Mademoiselle Romanis send you here to negotiate with me ? Thank you , darling . It 's from Professor Simms , the genealogist . He says , " Working on a family tree like yours should be a real challenge . " We better get all the Addams family heirlooms and records together . My dear , I 've already dug up a lot of material . Is n't that beautiful ? Oh , the old Addams barn . Darling , that 's Aunt Blemish . Are you sure ? That 's only one . I should have known him by his buck teeth . And receding chin . He was a handsome devil . As a result , export prices had to be established on the basis of facts available in accordance with Article 18(1 ) of the basic Regulation , i.e. information in the complaint . Why do n't we start with simple reality . Leonard , you 're not a doctor . You 're a patient , and I 'm the doctor .
L209	I havean interesting case-- treating two sets of Siamese twins ... with split personalities . " Leonard identifies with me ... " and is convinced that he is a doctor . " He is guarded and suspicious . " He 's quick - witted and energetic . " Perhaps it is his very helplessness that moves me . How are you today , Leonard ? I got to get back to town soon . I see . Not guilt - related . Cut the satellite feed . Enough ! Open your eyes , fool . Jonathan . I 'd better go sort this out . Do it . Do it ! Holy shit ! I wonder what he was looking for . But one basic rule in this sort of thing is that you must never kill a tyrant unless you 've made an arrangement with his successor . You do see what I mean , do n't you ? Something elemental ... ... something terrifying . I assume that as you take on the underworld ... ... this symbol is a persona to protectthose you care about from reprisals ? Actually , sir , I was thinking of myself . You had me declared dead ? Actually , it was Mr. Earle . He 's taking the company public . In my opinion , Mr. Zsaz is as mucha danger to himself as to others ... ... and prison is probably notthe best environment for his rehabilitation . Dr. Crane .
L210	Said ! But the worst of all is exploiting the weakness of the people . And converting them into collaborators . They 're not only crushing the resistance , but also the families , the dignity of our people . When my father was executed , I was ten years old . We must allow for practical compromise and feigned ignorance - - which means living with conceptions that - - if consistently followed and thoroughly acknowledged - Yo , do you mind ? Come on , man . I mean , I could play a " forensic futurist . " Quinn would probably shit . Yeah . Yeah , yeah , for sure . I could get my production company going while we work , and we 'd be working together . Yeah . Who ? I do n't know , like , like Amanda Peet . Christ . Yeah . Thanks a lot , Mr. Hollywood . Those special rules shall be based on rules contained in the Financial Regulation and determined with due regard for the value of the contracts concerned , the relative size of the Community contribution in relation to the total cost of the action and the risk . The following Article 184a is inserted : The full text of the decision is available only in English and will be made public after it is cleared of any business secrets it may contain . It will be available : from the Europa competition website ( http://ec.europa.eu/comm/competition/mergers/cases/ ) .
L211	EUR - Lex is the on - line access to European law ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu ) . He made the record books for being the first person to ... deploy an escape pod at warp . What went wrong ? I 'm not sure , sir . You have something to add , Lieutenant ... Tucker , sir . I 'm on Captain Jefferies ' engineering team . This is a new engine ... it 's bound to have a few bugs to work out . It was my great - grandfather 's name . Trip . My father would have appreciated it . I gave up trying to figure out the Vulcans a long time ago . Yeah , it says , " Ethel and Teddy . " Aye , I do , and I 've a mind to use it - if you would get the frig out of there . You could have walked there in that time . I wish he would . Mr. Quinlan ? It 's me . Mr. Quinlan ? It was n't your brains , was it ? But I ran out of money last night , and I have to call her back . So you found it , you stupid bugger . Get inside , come on . Go on . And be quick . C. Presentation Produce presented in more than one layer may be packed base - to - heart provided the layers or heads are suitably protected or separated . VI .
L212	PROVISIONS CONCERNING MARKING Each package must bear the following particulars in letters grouped on the same side , legibly and indelibly marked and visible from the outside . And that ... That pretty well brings us up to date . Until your phone call , which I must say was n't entirely unexpected , since in the last few days a number of interesting offers for my story have been literally pouring in from the networks and some major movie studios . I totally understand why we 'll be keeping this meeting confidential until such time as we may come to a mutually beneficial agreement . And I have to admit , that I really do enjoy this spy - story aspect of our first rendezvous , if I may call it that . Because I think that being a good investigative reporter is very much like being a kind of secret agent . I hope you enjoy viewing this document , which I believe could serve as the first draft that you Hollywood people are so richly rewarded for . The famous Suzanne Maretto . Oh . How nice to meet you . I do n't know why , but I thought that you 'd be older , running a big studio and everything . Whoa . It looks good . I 'll be here every day for life . Plus 30 years , if I live that long . 33 samples proved to be irradiated .
L213	My mother wrote everything down to keep track of time . What she wrote in her diaries has helped me overcome my terrors . And today I ask myself if I want to contribute ... to the endless story of hatred , blood and revenge . But I can ' t find a reason for that anymore . To me , life is ... my daughter , Pedro , the light , the day , this very moment , the memories , the future . To me , life itself has become the most important thing . ( Whispers ) Miss Bird ... ... said ... ... brightly . At ten o'clock , she came across . " We 're with you 1000/ , baby . " Machine turned the razor down and slashed the strop in two . " " A long section fell to the floor like a severed tongue . " " ' Cut him ' Jack Rainsley said eagerly . ' Cut him while I stand and watch . " ' " ' I wanna see the blood flow . " ' What has been so effective in South Africa , so effective in India , for his own people and others , and we 're gon na employ it right here , in Nashville . You and I. This army has one weapon . That weapon is love . Now , I am of the ... yes .
L214	If our only weapon is love , and then their weapons are weapons , I mean , is n't that dangerous ? Oh , you can be killed . If anybody 's uncomfortable with that , you know where the door is . I understand that sounds provocative , but it 's true . It 's show time . ... and a bit of a sense of humor . You know y' all ca n't sit here . I have a wish to be in Citadel town before dusk . ' Tovi put his broad hand on Fell 's shoulder . ' I 'm not stopping you boy , ' he said , his voice thick with emotion . ' I 'd do anything to bring my son home . Yet , even now , if you choose to take a different path I 'll think none the worse of you . You understand ? ' But I killed an Outlander , and they want blood . I would ask you this , though - look to Sigarni , and help her all you can . You know how the heart feels before a battle , and how a man 's courage can turn to water . You know what it takes to stand against a foe . That knowledge will be vital in the days ahead .
L215	Your doctor will adjust the dose of Prialt according to the severity of your pain by adding no more than 2.4 micrograms / day . The maximum dose is 21.6 micrograms / day . At the start of your treatment your doctor may increase your dose every 1 to 2 days or more . If needed , the dose may be decreased or injection stopped if the side effects are too great . How to use Prialt Never mind , it 's ... youth . Here are the photos . And here 's my mother 's jewellery . Hi , Lucy . Hi , Mirabel . No , you 're not . Yeah , look . Told you . What are you doing here ? Come see . Is he dead ? Not yet . Get the money ! Get the money ! I 'm sorry , but you better hurry before Mommy comes home and we have to do her ass too ! Go ! Where 's the money ? But not flatline . Not brain dead . The thing in the tank was in some state more removed from reality than sleep , but more alert than a coma victim . And it was definitely alive . || Further developed generic preparedness principles ( possible detailed provisions for specific threats ) If so combined , they fall in heading 9020 00 .
L216	SECTION VIII RAW HIDES AND SKINS , LEATHER , FURSKINS AND ARTICLES THEREOF ; SADDLERY AND HARNESS ; TRAVEL GOODS , HANDBAGS AND SIMILAR CONTAINERS ; ARTICLES OF ANIMAL GUT ( OTHER THAN SILKWORM GUT ) CHAPTER 41 RAW HIDES AND SKINS ( OTHER THAN FURSKINS ) AND LEATHER Raw hides and skins of bovine ( including buffalo ) or equine animals ( fresh , or salted , dried , limed , pickled or otherwise preserved , but not tanned , parchment - dressed or further prepared ) , whether or not dehaired or split 4101 20 10 to 4101 20 90 Whole hides and skins , of a weight per skin not exceeding 8 kg when simply dried , 10 kg when dry - salted , or 16 kg when fresh , wet - salted or otherwise preserved The hides and skins of these subheadings are regarded as whole whether or not the head and legs have been removed ; however they must not be split , i.e. , the original thickness of the skin must not have been divided into two or more layers . Fresh This subheading covers hides and skins which have been simply removed from the animal . Chilled hides and skins are also included under this subheading . Wet - salted This subheading covers hides and skins which have been preserved from putrefaction by simple addition of salt .
L217	Fresh See the Explanatory Notes to subheading 4101 20 10 . Dried or dry - salted See the Explanatory Notes to subheading 4101 20 50 . There is insufficient data on Epoetin alfa HEXAL to know the size of any increased immunogenicity risk with sc use Therefore , the sc route is not recommended for patients with CKD The loss of efficacy or other symptoms of the development of immunogenicity should be investigated Any suspected case of Pure Red Cell Aplasia or development of immunogenicity should be reported to the MAH It might not be too sensible to wait around for anything to happen . What about you ? I think I'll ... think I 'll stick around here for a while . Sort of like it . As Government Minister shares responsibility for the regime 's violent repression against the civilian population . In each Member State , the competent authority for the collection and communication of the monitoring data in accordance with this Regulation shall be the one designated in accordance with Article 8(7 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 443/2009 . " Yes " said Alai . " That 's just what we 'll do . " He laughed . In patients above 60 years , therapy should start with a dose of 0.1 - 0.2 mg per day and should be slowly increased according to individual patient requirements . The minimum effective dose should be used . The maintenance dose in these patients seldom exceeds 0.5 mg per day .
L218	4.3 Contraindications Hypersensitivity to the active substance or to any of the excipients . Somatropin must not be used when there is any evidence of activity of a tumour . Intracranial tumours must be inactive and anti - tumour therapy must be completed prior to starting GH therapy . Treatment should be discontinued if there is evidence of tumour growth . Patients with acute critical illness suffering complications following open heart surgery , abdominal surgery , multiple accidental trauma , acute respiratory failure or similar conditions must not be treated with somatropin ( regarding patients undergoing substitution therapy , see section 4.4 ) . 4.4 Special warnings and precautions for use Miss ! Get up ! Get the children ready , they 're leaving . Do n't forget them ! We 're going to see Mummy ! Not him , he 's very ill . Put him back in his bed ! Mint chocolate chip ice cream ? Could n't you draw me with bigger muscles ? IT : For access as ' Ragionieri - Periti commerciali' and ' Dottori commerciali' , access is restricted to natural persons only . Professional association ( no incorporation ) among natural persons permitted . FI : At least one of the auditors of a Finnish Liability company must be resident in one of the EEA ( European Economic Area ) countries or an authorised auditing company . Thank you . Are you wounded , Sir ? No , that 's from the damp .
L219	Get is straight , Leontine ! Well . May I , dear boy ? What sort of potion is it ? But that 's what we rub backs with ! I mean knees . But ... The former sea captain 's knees buckled , and he fell hard to the stones . Guy cut the goblin 's head from his shoulders with a savage blow . ( 4 ) In accordance with Articles 12.1 and 14.3 of the Statute , ECB guidelines form an integral part of Community law , HAS ADOPTED THIS GUIDELINE : Enjoy it . You married ? Male or female ? - What ? Female . You know these people ? There 's no dog . Come on , man . Nobody 's coming here tonight . Believe me . Naomi , but we 're not really ... 32008 D 0674 : Commission Decision 2008/674/EC of 13 August 2008 ( OJ L 220 , 15.8.2008 , p. 30 ) .' under the heading ' ACTS OF WHICH THE EFTA STATES AND THE EFTA SURVEILLANCE AUTHORITY SHALL TAKE DUE ACCOUNT' the following shall be added in point 43 ( Commission Decision 2007/870/EC ) in Part 3.2 : Article 1 For the general budget of the European Union for the financial year 2010 , the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund ( EGF ) shall be mobilised to provide the sum of EUR 1 560 000 in commitment and payment appropriations .
L220	Article 1 Member States shall take the necessary measures , in accordance with their national law , to submit 4-methylmethcathinone ( mephedrone ) to control measures and criminal penalties , as provided for under their legislation complying with their obligations under the 1971 United Nations Convention on Psychotropic Substances . Done at Brussels , 2 December 2010 . Tyler ? You lostme at " vainglorious . " Not bad for yourfirst day , Mr. Tyler . So , whythe mid - year move ? My brother 's a tennis star . 27.10.2015 The Editorial Board Meeting , 27 October , 2015 10.10.2015 Deadline for issue 2/2015 approaches 15.4.2015The Editorial Board Meeting , 10 April , 2015 10.3.2015 Deadline for issue 1/2015 approachesAll news I want to send the news to email : Mailing settingsEvents ( o i 've been there and seen the harlots shimmy on wooden stages ) I know how you feel . I 'm scared too . Just talk and keep on talking . Really it is . You can tell me to mind my own business if you 'd like . I 'd like it better than talking to a mirror . I want to know more about him . Why does he think that way ? Because he got to a place where-- See , he 'd taken empty land used for nothing ... made it the biggest ranch in the state of Texas . Fought to keep it . The hat rose some more .
L221	' Yes ! ' ' Down , ' he commanded . The carpet rose from the ground and hovered expect­antly a few feet over the dust . ' How did-' Conina began , but Nijel interrupted her . ' Probably the carpet 's got a geas on it to do the opposite of anything that 's said . ' Yes , but I 'm not going to , ' said Rincewind . The carpet drifted slowly forward and , as happens so often at times like this , a rolling of masonry bounced right across the spot where it had lain . A moment later they were out in the open air , the storm of stone behind them . The palace was pulling itself to pieces , and the pieces were funnelling up into the air like a volcanic eruption in reverse . The IMF Does Europe CAMBRIDGE - With the International Monetary Fund playing a central role in the eurozone 's blueprint for a bailout of Greece , the multilateral lender has come full circle . In its early days after World War II , the IMF 's central task was to help Europe emerge from the ravages of the war . Once upon a time , the Fund had scores of programs across the Continent ( as Rong Qian , Carmen Reinhart , and I illustrate in new research on " graduation " from sovereign debt crises . )
L222	But , until the financial crisis , most Europeans assumed they were now far too wealthy to ever face the humiliation of asking the IMF for financial assistance . Welcome to the new era . Europe has become ground zero for the biggest expansion of IMF lending and influence in years . Several large Eastern European countries , including Hungary , Romania , and Ukraine , already have substantial IMF loan programs . The IMF 's resurgence over the past year is breathtaking . Castrated by populist rhetoric during the Asian debt crisis of the late 1990 's , the Fund had been struggling to re - anchor its policies and rebuild its image . He tried to sell my friggin ' property like it was his . Let me tell you another funny story , New Jack . Back in ' 7 4 the great Charlie Rich was named Country Musician of the Year . Then in ' 75 , he had to hand the award off to the new one . And you know who that was ? Mr. " Sunshine on My Goddamn Shoulders , " John Denver . Really ?
L223	If it is ensured ( guarantee provided by CSP QC and supervised / accredited by SB / AB ) that , for a listed service identified by a ' Sdi' , any QC not supported by an SSCD does contain the QcCompliance statement and/or the QCP OID , and does not contain the QcSSCD statement or QCP+ OID , then the use of an appropriate ' Sdi' is sufficient and the ' Sie' field can be used as an option and does not have to contain the SSCD support information ( meaning it is not supported by an SSCD ) . I wish you had n't been away so long . Oh , by they way , Madeleine Allsopp asked if I 'd go on to the Embassy afterwards . Tonight , after the dinner ? Rose , once we get past Tuesday - I do n't think you have to be presented to go to the Embassy Club . I do love Ambrose And His Orchestra . Please ! Your niece is a flapper . Accept it . Lord Merton , madam . No , no . I was driving through the village . Thank goodness . I thought I might have to rush upstairs and bedeck myself out in family jewels . After 30 years with Lady Merton , I 'm proof against teasing . Twelve months , yeah ? Hear ! And we need action now ! It 's not gon na shift one Roman soldier ! It 's completely pointless .
L224	The period laid down in Article 5(6 ) of Decision 1999/468/EC shall be set at three months . Hi ! Hi . Got any work for me ? You could clean the storage room . Now ? Not now , I 'll close soon . You could go with the daily cash . I 'll hurry . Bye ! A balcony . Hi ! Hi . Can you sign this , boys ? A petition . The potassium salt is also permitted . Leuco base : not more than 1,0 % . ( 1 ) all expenses that will be incurred in servicing insurance and reinsurance obligations ; Fuck . What will you do ? I 've got to fire him ASAP . - Is that really the best option ? - What do you mean ? Malin , what are you doing here at Millennium ? You 're a politician . What is it ? Somebody 's been here . Someone has been curious . I did n't mean to upset you . I wish that I had it . Oh , fuck , you scared me . What is it ? He can fix it . All we got ta do is lay low for a while , Ronny . Huh ? Maybe one missing person file once in a while . I can cover that up , keep that under wraps . But two bodies a week ? What in the fuck are you talking about ? Look at here .
L225	You shut him up now . You shut him up now . I 've got this figured out . Unchanged remuneration when changing production The remuneration to the operator remains unchanged when increasing production according to 3.1 . The remuneration to the operator remains unchanged when decreasing production according to 3.2 . You 'll be safe there . Yeah , that 's ... that 's Danny . That 's my son . Who 's that man , Daddy ? It 's nobody , honey . Let 's get in the car . You know where you 're going ? It 's gon na be okay . Get in the car . It 's all so much more of challenge for him , and he hates feeling weak . " " It 's not his fault . Edward was waiting for me by the front door . As I got to the bottom of the staircase , he held it open without a word . Mind palace ! You 're a Texas oil tycoon guy . Let 's sit down . So we can get down to business and then get back to the business of getting down . Captain Doby , you 're not right . But today is right . Can I see a show of hands ? Yeah . That 's exactly why we 're here today . Thank you . I did n't say it . Bill Shakespeare did . I know . Check out the guy behind us . Already did .
L226	A sustained haemoglobin level of greater than 12 g / dl ( 7.45 mmol / l ) should be avoided ; guidance for appropriate dose adjustment if haemoglobin values exceeding 12 g / dl ( 7.45 mmol / l ) are observed are described below . If , after 4 weeks of therapy , the haemoglobin value has increased by at least 1 g / dl ( 0.62 mmol / l ) , the current dose should be continued . If the haemoglobin value has not increased by at least 1 g / dl ( 0.62 mmol / l ) a doubling of the weekly dose to 40,000 IU should be considered . If , after an additional 4 weeks of therapy , the haemoglobin increase is still insufficient an increase of the weekly dose to 60,000 IU should be considered . The maximum dose should not exceed 60,000 IU per week . If , after 12 weeks of therapy , the haemoglobin value has not increased by at least 1 g / dl ( 0.62 mmol / l ) , response is unlikely and treatment should be discontinued . Or a bag of frozen vegetables are even better . Breathe . Look , put the peas on his nuts . Okay , I 'm so confused . No , you 're not confused . You love this guy . I 'm just a complication from your past . Frank , you have nothing to worry about with me .
L227	It is only in political life that this very natural principle has been completely excluded . The destructive workings of Judaism in different parts of the national body can be ascribed fundamentally to the persistent Jewish efforts at undermining the importance of personality among the nations that are their hosts and , in place of personality , substituting the domination of the masses . We can observe the fatal effects of it everywhere , from the smallest parish council upwards to the highest governing circles of the nation . Clinical samples 10 % of the test population Neonatal specimens > 2 % of the test population ABO samples > 40 % A , B positives " weak D " > 2 % of RH1 ( D ) positives Table 10 Batch release criteria for reagents and reagent products to determine blood group antigens in the ABO , Rh and Kell blood group systems Specificity testing requirements on each reagent 1 . Action 2 Measure 3 - Support for projects initiated by Civil Society Organisations Page 74 Organisations " , the text is replaced by : Maximum project duration is 18 months . Oh , I 'm sorry . For starters , I 've learned that I got ta get out of the lab more often . I hate to interrupt getting - to - know - you time , but could we keep moving ? Betty 's sitting tight , But there 's another signal moving toward her . It must be the python .
L228	Part of some overflow system . If we could seal off that level ... But who 's going to volunteer to be trapped in those tunnels while trying to locate and sedate two super - sized reptiles ? Yes , I see that here . Currently , they 're all unavailable . - If only you 'd gotten here sooner . Subject : Landings of fish caught in European seas Answer from the Commission ( 23 June 2011 ) My family had to sell the fucking cow to get me here . Bullshit ! My family 's strapped for cash . I might have to drop out . Really ? The Lord is my witness . Yes . You really do n't have any fucking cash ? No , I had to work all summer just to pay for this term . I thought you went home to New York for the summer . That 's what I told people so they would n't laugh at me . Jesus Christ , man , I can get these kids to overpay , they 're so desperate for drugs . I 'm your key to moving this shit on campus . You wo n't drop him . You need him more than I do . It 's gon na kill you , Six . If I do n't find some way .... if I do n't find some .... I just need some time . A vampire and a dying human child . What a pathetic picture .
L229	I can kill them . Archministry . Let 's go meet your maker . You would n't create an antigen without an antidote ... ... you could administer to yourself and your manciples . Very nice , Violet . And , yes , when I get the boy ... ... l isolate the antigen and release it into the atmosphere . Anyone who wants to live will queue up daily at this door to get it . I thought we were the ones you hated . For any information about this medicinal product , please contact the local representative of the Marketing Authorisation Holder : Why would anyone want to hurt him ? Same make and model that tried to run down David the other day . Oh , God . Based on this file , it looks he was one of the remaining Flight 197 fanatics who still doubted David 's innocence . What drugs were you doing ? We were just drinking , maybe doing a little coke . We 're gon na need it . I do n't think I will ever get used to seeing you at my door . Uh , come in . Thank you . You know , I 've been thinking about what you told me ... That I should n't be so quick to trust just anyone . You meant Victoria , right ? I know how you feel about the Graysons , how you 've always felt .
L230	And now I know now what they did to you and your company . He put three rounds at the target 's chest . This component / application requires the current installation of the Internet Explorer Windows component and may not function properly after uninstall . Do you want to remove this item from your system when uninstalling Internet Explorer ? You no longer have the option to uninstall Internet Explorer . There is no Internet Explorer or Web Integrated Desktop uninstall information . You have chosen to leave Internet Explorer on your system and to delete the information necessary to uninstall Internet Explorer in the future . If you proceed , you will no longer be able to uninstall this Windows component . You should only do this if you do not plan on ever having to uninstall Internet Explorer . You have chosen to remove the folder which contains the files that are needed to re - install Internet Explorer . However , if you later need to re - install any Windows Update components , you will have to download it again . So this is the famous place of death . At that very table , Mr. Blazanov , I 've read the account , perhaps from your hand ? My bicycle masters boardwalk and quagmire with aplomb . Done . Uh ... eight to one taken to 100 . Even money on the boardwalk .
L231	May I have time to ready my camera , Tom ? You know I used to ride when I was young . Protect Lord Cotys ! Get the boy ! Tydeus ! Attack ! Hold them back ! Spears ! Go through the fire ! Lock shields ! March ! Come out and face me ! " When I was a kid , " she said . " These sort of stories always start like this , do n't they , ` When I was a kid ... ' || Liberia Licensing Department ( LLD ) fully equipped , staffed and operational And are n't we lucky ? You 're not the only one who can dance alone . What ? I said you look like a man in need of a Coke . Good memory . My mind has an endless capacity for useless information . I 've had a terrible day . I know we were talking about you for a moment there , but my day was so bad . I might if you gave me the opportunity . Perhaps one of your choosing . And Emma began to laugh , an atrocious , frantic , despairing laugh , thinking she saw the hideous face of the poor wretch that stood out against the eternal night like a menace . " The wind is strong this summer day , Her petticoat has flown away . " She fell back upon the mattress in a convulsion . They all drew near .
L232	Chapter Nine There is always after the death of anyone a kind of stupefaction ; so difficult is it to grasp this advent of nothingness and to resign ourselves to believe in it . Chief , if he can crawl up this pipe into the machine , can he get to the ore chute and open that hatch from inside ? If you do not do so in the next three minutes , l will be forced to release neurocine gas into the ore processing facility . I can do it . Bajoran workers , you have two minutes left to give yourselves up to your overseers and save your lives . Of course I do . I 'll pay you the same salary my uncle does , as long as my money holds out . We 'll pick up where my father left off . The money is n't important . It 's the chance to follow up on André Delambre 's work . Right away . Here in the plant ? No . I 've got the perfect place to work . Would you like to see it ? My father loved it so much , the old man left it to him . Phil , it 's a mansion . Monsieur Philippe , so good to see you . Change in appearance Menu Current weather Today it is thursday , 06/11/2009 , 16:52:34 Photogallery Random selection from gallery Move Loading ... Get New Card Decks ... KPatience KDE Patience Game
L233	We rode up in silence , and when the doors slid open I gestured politely , allowing her to get off first . Coffee , please . You have three new clients coming in today . No foam . Coffee , please . You want some coffee ? I need you today . Arthur . Come here . Hi , Judge . You 're the only one I 've been dating these days . Come on , now . You promised you 'd go flying with me . Saul , I 'm talking to you . Dale , you 're a new friend . You can catch them if you hurry . If Red tells Ted 's guys about my name ... ... then they 'll go to my apartment . A Member State may set up a single monitoring committee for programmes co- financed by the CSF Funds . BUDGETARY IMPLICATION The proposal has no incremental impact on the budget of the European Union . 2012/0305 ( COD ) Proposal for a REGULATION OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL on fluorinated greenhouse gases ( Text with EEA relevance ) Okayo , how can you be serious ? I wo n't listen ! Okayo , calm down . Just think about it . We 'd have to cut in Waxey Gordon . There 's my 20 % and I 'll convince Waxey that 20 % for him is a fair price also . That 's a pretty penny , Arnold .
L234	Of course my cut includes men to oversee the operation . You remember Mr. Luciano . Then it 's settled . I can already feel the brotherly love . I 'd like to thank Mr. White for joining us here today . We know how busy he is and how hard he works for our community . Now this is an informal gathering so we will not adhere to strict parliamentary rule , but if you could just raise your hands ... Now I know y' all got your beefs and various complaints . I hear an earful over the past weeks I 've been in jail . But I 'm back now and everybody know my door always open . I do n't mean to trouble you . ( 2 ) OJ C 366 , 14.12.2013 , p. 5 . ( 2015/C 207/14 ) Bilateral arrangements with ancillary systems that use the ASI shall be in conformity with Annex IV . You were wonderful ! I know ! I hope you wo n't lose your license . I am quite pleased ... moved , even ... to give you ... first ... driver 's ... license ! You sure ? Yup ! I do n't want to twist your arm . It 's just fine ! It 's not'cause it 's my 27th time ? You 're ready ... really ready . Ok , I accept . That 's fine . No !
L235	Marine mineral resources Between 2000 and 2010 there has been an annual increase of about 15 % in the price of many non - energy raw materials[28 ] , mainly as a result of consumer demand in emerging economies . There is a risk of supply shortage for several of these , including those identified as critical to Europe 's economy[29 ] . Advances in technology as well as concerns over security of supply have encouraged mining companies to consider what the sea can provide . The exploitation and mining of minerals , other than sand and gravel , from the sea have just started . Most current activity is in shallow water . By 2020 , 5 % of the world 's minerals , including cobalt , copper and zinc could come from the ocean floors . Look , Ma , you fought , you spent all your money , you got old followin ' me from jail to jail . It 's time to douse the lights . I 'm going to Washington DC very soon . Did you think Mother was gon na let them hurt my Robbie ? Carrying a petition for clemency , Elizabeth Stroud doggedly haunted the offices of Washington officials , in an effort to gain an audience with the president of the United States . Finally , she managed to see Senator Ham Lewis .
L236	Such withdrawal is without prejudice to the complaining Party 's right to introduce a new complaint regarding the same measure at a later point in time . ' The use of social indicators as evaluation instruments' , 1998 ( report drawn up for the Canadian Government . ( 19 ) http://www.cerc.gouv.fr . EN Official Journal of the European Union C 175/28 Opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee on the ' Communication from the Commission to the Council , the European Parliament and the European Economic and Social Committee on the implementation of Directive 1997/7/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 1997 on the Protection of Consumers in respect of Distance Contracts' The rapporteur was Mr Pegado Liz . At its 436th plenary session , held on 30 and 31 May 2007 ( meeting of 30 May ) the European Economic and Social Committee adopted the following opinion by 61 votes , with 4 abstentions . Her knee ? Really ? What happened ? She did n't say . Stitches on the knee never heal right . Can leave a very bad scar . Any knee injury can be very serious . Ask Joe Namath . Listen , last time she mentioned that maybe you would come into my therapy . Give your perspective on the panic attacks and kind of our home life . Whatever . Sure . P. Cruz Villalón , Registrar :
L237	- Mr Gardella , by T. Truppa , R. Ciancaglini and M. Rossi , avvocati , - the Istituto nazionale della previdenza sociale ( INPS ) , by A. Sgroi , avvocato , - the Italian Government , by G. Palmieri , acting as Agent , assisted by G. Keep smiling . We lost a couple of awfully helpful tax loopholes that were tailored to assets overseas . And the FCC wo n't even let us bid on the coming spectrum auction because they want a full report on whether or not we 're skirting antitrust . So what was your request again ? And friend to friend , you let him know that he is one tabloid fuckup and a ratings point away from having his own podcast . Fly safe . Listen . Sloan . S&P and NASDAQ will close down 2.3 . Let me tell you why . Let me tell you why . Stop avoiding this ! I just got off the phone with these guys . The house was in Isabel 's name , was n't it ? It does n't matter . No , do n't bother . The earth came out of the sun ... ... and we came out of the earth . So whatever we are , we must have been in the earth ... Well , odd way for us to be saying goodbye . And never more we'il part I'il put it here in your hand . Leave , I said !
L238	He destroyed his own beloved ... ... rather than let a mediocrity ... ... share in the smallest partof his glory . ldomeneo , King of Crete . I think you will love it . Some say that Ichabod actually escaped from the horseman . And left Sleepy Hollow to become a lawyer in New York . While others say that it 's Brom who chased him out of town ... out of jealousy . The Headless Horseman of Sleepy Hollow . That was super ! I think the start of the season , and the moving ... and everything really took it out of him . You know ... Pass . Good evening , Mr. Lockhart . Nice evening . You 're the only one in town I know to talk to . Maybe you can help me . I just hate to make that trip back with three empty wagons . There 's some salt lagoons nearby . That 's all ? Is this salt free for the taking ? You were lucky to get this far without Indian trouble . If I were you , I 'd head back to Laramie while the trail 's still clear . Miss Waggoman ... Copy that . It 's the only known organism that lives in sulfuric acid . That 's right , and ... Yes , Miss Rouhani ? So , pompejana , Thiobacillus , Deinococcus .
L239	That 's all for today . Thank you . Keep out of the sight and reach of children . Community production and Community industry In the absence of substantiated comments , the findings set out in recitals 52 to 54 of the provisional Regulation are confirmed . This companionway should get us to the bridge . From now on , you let me lead . She must 've rode on full throttle till she was bone - dry . No . Look again , you moron . It 's a digital watch . They did n't have digital watches in 1962 . They did n't know what so they went onboard . 59 days after the last log entry , it had traveled 4500 miles across the ocean ... ... past the Rock of Gibraltar and into the Mediterranean Sea at full sail . On the .... The boat ? Breach in the hull , about 10 by 20 ... - ... torn to the port collision bulkhead . Nothing spectacular ... ... just rocks , a couple thousand seals . I 'm doing well ! I 'm doing the only thing I want to do right now . I 'm sure of it ! Take me to my room . Stop ! Do n't touch me yet ! As if you loved me . No , we must n't touch each other ! Do n't move ! That 's it , do n't move ! Do n't move ! Do n't move !
L240	Bristol - Myers Squibb Pharma EEIG Uxbridge Business Park Sanderson Road Uxbridge UB8 1DH United Kingdom I 've decided not to go to the first - night party . I want to dine alone tonight . Give them to the neighbors . It 's time to put some hustle behind this muscle . I ended up having dinner . Let 's go . Tommy , why did you bring him here ? Rocky , do you mindif I talk to you outside about a few things ? Yeah , sure . It 's getting late . We have to be there by 10:00 . Rocky . No , it 's okay . Hey , Tommy , what did you wanna talk to me about ? Software Updates Check for new updates Failed to get updates You have one update You have 3 updates You have 10 updates Your system is up to date Cancel Install Party status depends on meeting criteria set out in Decision XV/3 of the Montreal Protocol . Such export authorisations should be issued by the European Commission after verification of compliance with Article 11 ( 2 ) . For the purposes of the Regulation , quantities are measured in ODP kilograms to reflect the ozone depleting potential of the substance ( 3 ) .
L241	Ozone Layer Protection European Commission Directorate - General Environment BU5 2/25 Unit ENV.C.2 - Climate change B-1049 Brussels Fax ( 32 - 2 ) 299 87 64 E - mail : env - ods cec.eu.int Other applicants that have been issued with an export authorisation in 2004 should complete and submit the relevant form(s ) according to the export substance(s ) on the ODS website http://europa.eu.int/comm/environment/ods/index.htm in order to receive an export authorisation number ( EAN ) . An EAN will be provided and the applicant notified providing the application meets the eligibility criteria for an Export Authorisation Number . A user may export the controlled substances listed in Annex I to this Notice during the course of 2005 only if it is in possession of an EAN issued by the European Commission . As regards , first , the term ' supply of goods' , Article 5(1 ) of the Sixth Directive states that any transfer of the right to dispose of tangible property as owner constitutes such a supply .
L242	Annex II to Regulation ( EC ) No 2488/2000 lists the competent authorities to which specific functions related to the implementation of that Regulation are attributed . - Level 2-OUT of the geographical breakdown combined with level 1 of the activity breakdown . - Level 3 of the geographical breakdown combined with data on total activity only . SECTION 4 First reference year and periodicity 1 . The first reference year for which annual statistics will be compiled is the calendar year of the entry in force of this Regulation . Okay . You know , there 's so little room . Well , I was-- I was gon na try it in the living room . You know , I just ca n't sleep with it in here . No ? No , I mean , it 's a hu-- Look at it . It 's huge . That-- That 's a-- You 'd have to drain it mostly and then take some of the fish out and ... Sorry . It 's just too hard . I keep trying and trying every day , and I ca n't do it all . I ca n't . I just ca n't do everything . ( 2 ) If so , can the provision in that case constitute a measure within the meaning of Article 24 of the Brussels Convention?' IV - Considerations advanced by the referring court 6 . This Is Actually His Best Chance . What Does Extremely Mean ? Please .
L243	I 'm Sorry . I Ca n't . Her Name Is Julia . You 'd Be Saving Her Mother . I Think You 're Lying . Not One Phone Call Since You 've Been Here . No . But Her Life Is Still Worth- Babe , what 's happened ? Baby ... there are people relying on us . I thought I could do anything ... but I ca n't . It 's one night of pain . That 's all it is . I 'm scared . You 're the strong one , remember . I got us into a shitty place . One more time , babe . Rescue me just one more time . Yeah ? You 're at the house ? I 'm at the house , and they 're not . # We can assign to happiness # The past experience # Revived in the meaning # Turn your face to the moonlight # Let your memory lead you # Open up , enter in # If you find there # The meaning of what happiness is # Then a new life # Will begin # His name , as I ought to Have told you before # Is really Asparagus # But that 's such a fuss to pronounce # That we usually call him just Gus # His coat 's very shabby He 's thin as a rake # And he suffers from palsy That makes his paws shake
L244	# But no longer a terror To mice or to rats # For he is n't the cat That he was in his prime # Though his name was quite famous , He says , in his time # And whenever he joins His friends at their club # Which takes place at the back Of the neighbouring pub # He loves to regale them If someone else pays # He has acted with Irving He has acted with tree # And he likes to relate His success on the halls # Where the gallery once gave him # Was Firefrorefiddle # I have played in my time # Every possible part # And I used to know seventy Speeches by heart Limit to Logon Permitted None Once per Hour Twice per Hour Four Times per Hour Permitted Denied Synchronize Replication Not Available Replication Available No list InfoTip ( displays description in a pop - up window ) You ca n't be serious . He 's just a kid . All due respect , you might have brought the Grayson name to the company , but I brought the Global . All due respect , son , I am still chairman of the board . Jack , it 's Emily . I just wanted to make sure that you were okay . Yeah . Yeah , I 'm fine . I 'm sorry about the party . Have you talked to Amanda ? No . I ca n't find her .
L245	They took him under the Patriot Act . That 's not jail . Why are n't we trying ? Liv has a plan . What plan ? A project of common interest may encompass its entire cycle , including feasibility studies and permission procedures , implementation and evaluation . In a themed issue of Millennium . He accused Wennerström for executing serious economic crimes . The wanted financier Wennerström was found dead this morning in an apartment in Marbella , Spain . cleaning lady found the 44-year - old financier . We are talking about many millions . police are looking for an unidentified woman who was caught on the surveillance cameras . Lisbeth ... Blomkvist accused of Wennerström Illeagal arms trafficking and fraud - - over 60 million . The accused is sentenced three months ' imprisonment -- and a compensation of 150,000 dollars to Hans - Erik Wennerström . In Sir Thomas ' secret chamber I found the bone of an ox ... ... the tooth of a lion , the feather of an eagle , and the hair of a man . Map . But the cross is what we are now interested in . It 's a widely held belief that within the architecture of the great cities ... ... a coded reference system exists . Since he arose from the grave Blackwood has killed three men . He died here .
L246	Did the devil turn up ? She 's crazy , she 's a princess . Fuck that bitch . Yeah . Fuck that bitch . But you still gon na finish that class ? Really ? What are you , my mom ? All right , everyone , three more weeks until the final . If you have any questions or concerns , please feel free to e - mail me . Have a good night . Hey . Hi . Where you going ? To my car . Updating of the personal situation and of allowances received by staff The European Parliament should take steps to ensure that staff deliver at appropriate intervals documents confirming their personal situation and implement a system for the timely monitoring of these documents ( see the 2011 annual report , paragraph 9.12 ) . The audit did not identify any serious weaknesses on the management of family allowances ( see paragraph 9.16 ) . Parliament has taken note of the Court 's observations . Recommendation 2 ( Commission ) : Updating of the personal situation and of allowances received by staff The Commission should take steps to ensure that staff deliver at appropriate intervals documents confirming their personal situation and implement a system for the timely monitoring of these documents ( see the 2011 annual report , paragraph 9.19 ) . Weaknesses persisted in the management of family allowances ( see paragraph 9.11 ) .
L247	Entitlement to the household allowance are now only given on condition of submitting a declaration of the spouse 's income . Recommendation 3 ( European External Action Service ) : Updating of the personal situation and of allowances received by staff The European External Action Service should take steps to ensure that staff deliver at appropriate intervals documents confirming their personal situation and implement a system for the timely monitoring of these documents ( see the 2011 annual report , paragraph 9.25 ) . Weaknesses persisted in the management of family allowances ( see paragraph 9.13 ) . The EEAS has reminded staff of their obligation to duly provide updated information about their personal situation and , in particular , to declare allowances from other sources . In 2012 and 2013 , the EEAS has written to all staff who have declared revenue from other sources in a personal e - mail reminding them of their duty to update their declaration . ( c ) in the case of start - up aid for the development of small farms : ( i ) the initial situation of the agricultural holding ; and ( ii ) details of the actions , including those related to environmental sustainability and resource efficiency , that could support the achievement of economic viability , such as investments , training , cooperation .
L248	Well you'il stay in touch , wo n't you ? Sure . What ? Do you know what I had to go through to get you out of there ? I do n't need to hear about it . Any measures taken under paragraph 2 shall be withdrawn as soon as it has been established with sufficient certainty that the propagating material or fruit plants intended for marketing by the supplier will , in the future , comply with the requirements and conditions of this Directive . Trials , or , where appropriate , tests shall be carried out in the Member States on samples to check that propagating material or fruit plants comply with the requirements and conditions of this Directive , including those relating to plant health . The Commission may organize inspections of the trials by representatives of the Member States and of the Commission . They did n't handle the gun . But Max was another story . Wildest sky in the Alpha Quadrant . So they say . I 've never been there . Do you really believe that childhood environment is more important than genetically driven behavior patterns ? Just making conversation . Conversation filled with unspoken assumptions , which I do n't agree with . Where and how I was raised are beside the point , so if you 're trying to understand me better , questions about my home planet are irrelevant . How 's your 13th chromosome ?
L249	( a ) an increased number of new or improved medical interventions for HIV / AIDS , tuberculosis , malaria and other poverty - related diseases , and by the end of the programme to have delivered at least one new medical intervention ; to have issued at least 30 guidelines for improved or extended use of existing medical interventions ; and to have progressed the clinical development of at least 20 candidate medical interventions ; ( b ) strengthened cooperation with sub - Saharan African countries , in particular on building their capacity for conducting clinical trials in compliance with fundamental ethical principles and relevant national , Union and international legislation , including the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union , the European Convention on Human Rights and its Supplementary Protocols , the World Medical Association 's Declaration of Helsinki of 2008 and the standards on good clinical practice adopted by the International Conference on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use ( ICH ) ; ( d ) extended international cooperation with other public and private funders ; ( e ) an increased impact due to effective cooperation with relevant European Union initiatives , including its development assistance . Yeah , kind of sucks , does n't it ? Oh , my God , Barney , you really did just rock my world . That was amazing . And I 'm not lying . And it was good for you ? Later . Pretty good .
L250	( 3 ) OJ L 353 , 27.11.2004 , p. 9 . EN Official Journal of the European Union L 84/18 COMMISSION REGULATION ( EC ) No 528/2005 of 1 April 2005 concerning tenders submitted in response to the invitation to tender for the export to certain third countries of wholly milled and medium and long grain A rice issued in Regulation ( EC ) No 2031/2004 THE COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES , Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , Having regard to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1785/2003 of 29 September 2003 on the common organisation of the market in rice ( 1 ) , and in particular Article 14(3 ) thereof , Whereas : An invitation to tender for the export refund on rice was issued pursuant to Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 2031/2004 ( 2 ) . I completely disagree . That 's the most cynical point of view I have ... So there is no law of God compelling Grandier to be celibate ? Speak , you have tongues ! Who is responsible for this ? Member of the Council for the State and now His Majesty 's Special Commissioner for the demolition of the fortifications of Loudun , at your service , Father . I thought you would have been the first to guess the purpose , Father , and the first to condone it . Loudun is a nest of dangerous Huguenots . They outnumber we good Catholics two to one .
L251	Every single Protestant in Loudun remained loyal to the King and to France throughout the religious wars . Where is His Majesty 's proclamation ? Do n't concern yourself with politics , Father , your penitents are waiting . Grandier ! Grandier ! For a common priest you act uncommonly like a governor , Father . Assuring me full powers until such time as a new election is held . Document exchange ( 59 ) None ( 60 ) Sub - sectors ( i ) , ( iv ) and ( v ) are however excluded when they fall into the scope of the services which may be reserved , which is : for items of correspondence the price of which is less than 2.5 times the public basic tariff , provided that they weigh less than 50 grams ( 61 ) , plus the registered mail service used in the course of judicial or administrative procedures . ) B. a ) Bastard . . Pull yourself together , asshole ! Dong - su 's my friend , too Do n't you know that I 'm doing this to save you ? Publications and documents Official documents Legislation and treaties Order or download a publication Statistics and opinion polls Tools and manuals Libraries and documentation centres Archives Media centre Quick links for ... Official Journal of the EU Published every working day in all official languages of the European Union .
L252	Online issues of the Official Journal About the Official Journal Register of documents Most documents published by European institutions are available to the public . Factsheets on the EU and the European integration process Council of the European Union Conclusions of Council meetings European Council European Council presidency conclusions Documents submitted to the European Council European Commission Green Papers White Papers Commission work programme Minutes / agenda for EU commissioners' weekly meeting Comitology Register Legal acts , meeting minutes , articles , press releases and internal Commission working documents ( database DORIE ) Court of Justice Case law Annual report Court of Auditors Audit reports and opinions Annual activity report European Central Bank Annual reports Convergence reports Financial stability review European Ombudsman Decisions Draft recommendations Annual report European Data Protection Supervisor Opinions Papers Annual report European Economic and Social Committee Opinions Summary of plenary sessions Annual report Committee of the Regions Opinions and resolutions Working documents ( TOAD database ) That 's fine with me . They do n't call Type-3302 a cloak of invisibility . Roger ! Back me up . Leave it to me . Have n't we always worked this way ' ? Togusa ! What 's your current position ? ! Major ? I 'm making my approach up the wall of the building . Good . I 've found out where the children are . If by family trouble , You mean my mom and stepdad trying to kill each other ?
L253	Plus , they 'll be taking care of my rent , food , and medical . But if it were n't for the army , I would n't be standing here today . No . No . I 'm staying with sergeant donley . But he is too smart to be a part of your quota . I agree , sir . Kevin is an outstanding kid . Maybe if you would just take the time to listen to him , You 'll understand why he 's interested . So , an HMO will have a list of doctors that you 're supposed to see , and you 'll have to go see doctors on that list . You 're gon na pay yourself . And in a stereotypical HMO , there 's gon na be a fairly tight management between the insurance company and the doctors about what 's gon na be done , what 's allowable , and so on . And in the most tightly linked case , they 'll be like , the same . . . Not unless I can offer him something . Congratulations , Will . If you have the last drop . It 's tomorrow . ( 137 ) In that context , it is to be noted that when considering the first measure , the Ministry of Economy and Finance had been consulted on the amount of social capital of SACE BT .
L254	2009/C 195/03 Commission communication cancelling and replacing Communication No 178/05 of 31 July 2009 on the body authorised to issue certificates of authenticity under Regulation ( EC ) No 620/2009 2009/C 195/04 Commission communication on the return to viability and the assessment of restructuring measures in the financial sector in the current crisis under the State aid rules ( 1 ) IV Notices NOTICES FROM EUROPEAN UNION INSTITUTIONS AND BODIES Commission 2009/C 195/05 Euro exchange rates V Announcements PROCEDURES RELATING TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE COMPETITION POLICY Commission 2009/C 195/06 Prior notification of a concentration ( Case COMP / M.5604 - Dong / Kom - Strom ) ( 1 ) And when you do shoot someone , you have to be evaluated by a psychologist , at first , like you , But later ... Later ? It turned out to be useful . There is a difference , you know , between being mentally ill and emotionally injured . I do n't feel injured . No . Neither did I. But then I had to keep reliving the experience in depositions and in pretrial hearings and in court because the justice system puts extraordinary pressure on witnesses . Hello . - And even then , you may not be done , because the trauma of being a witness can revisit you again and again , long after you thought it was over . And when one is subjected to that kind of pain , sometimes a doctor can help .
L255	But you 're not in therapy . You 're just being evaluated . Yes , lieutenant ? Desogestrel Ethinylestradiol Regisha 0,150 mg/0,02 mg 0,15 mg 0,02 mg Tablet Oral use Desogestrel Ethinylestradiol Regisha 0,150 mg/0,03 mg Oral use Desogestrel Ethinylestradiol REGULON 0,15 mg 0,03 mg Film - coated tablet Oral use All right . I 'm on my way . Ok . I 'm glad you 're the one here with me . Me , too , mama . No , mama . Good . Are you scared ? Not a bit . I 've done this before , remember ? Lord , Court . Hope you ordered a girl , Abigail . Matt had his heart set on a boy . Want me to put it back ? You call me tape put on makeup box come It is to put on makeup for the dead to did not think I state first that I fear to see blood Assets Under Custody Amount a. Assets under custody indicator Section 8 : Underwritten Transactions in Debt and Equity Markets Amount a. Equity underwriting activity b. Debt underwriting activity c. Underwriting activity indicator ( sum of items 8.a and 8.b ) Complexity Indicators Section 9 : Notional Amount of Over - the - Counter ( OTC ) Derivatives Amount a. OTC derivatives cleared through a central counterparty b. OTC derivatives settled bilaterally c.
L256	( d ) medicaments ( heading 3003 or 3004 ) ; or ( e ) spent catalysts of a kind used for the extraction of base metals or for the manufacture of chemical compounds of base metals ( heading 2620 ) , spent catalysts of a kind used principally for the recovery of precious metal ( heading 7112 ) or catalysts consisting of metals or metal alloys in the form of , for example , finely divided powder or woven gauze ( Section XIV or XV ) . Third Rail Fourth Rail Not electrified Indication of the type of the contact line system . Energy supply system ( Voltage and frequency ) Single selection from the predefined list : You can narrow your search by clicking the Browse button and selecting specific folders or accounts . Message rules can automatically do other things besides sort incoming e - mail into folders . You can color certain messages , send a certain reply , not download specific messages , even delete messages . Check it out ! Open the address book and select either the Home tab or the Business tab . Click the View Map button , and a map of the address entered on that tab will be displayed . You can search for someone 's e - mail address using Find People in the Address Book . Select the Internet service directory you want to search at the top , and then type in the person 's name and click Find Now .
L257	To read messages in a subscribed newsgroup , select the newsgroup you want to read from your folder list . Volume Shadow Copy Service error : The system shadow copy writers are already initialised . " Let 's do that now ! " " Not now , Anjin - san . One day we will . We must leave something to the future , neh ? Always there were pretty , private inns down to the Kwanto plains . And always rivers and streams and rivulets to cross , the sea on the right now . Their party had meandered northward along the busy , bustling Tokaid ? , across the greatest rice bowl in the Empire . The air was hot and humid now , heavy with the stench of human manure that the farmers moistened with water and ladled onto the plants with loving care . Without rice we can not exist . " " But the stink , Mariko - san ! " 6.6 Special precautions for disposal and other handling FOR DEEP INTRAMUSCULAR GLUTEAL INJECTION ONLY . DO NOT ADMINISTER INTRAVENOUSLY OR SUBCUTANEOUSLY . Where female asylum seekers are detained , Member States shall ensure that they are accommodated separately from male asylum seekers , unless they are family members and all concerned individuals consent thereto . We wanted to ask Father why Miss Tomoe no longer came ... ... but for some reasonwe could n't
L258	Squire Iguchi ! I 'm sorry you 've come for nothing My husband is n't back from Edo I expect him in a day or two Has he written anything about what 's happening in Edo ? No There was a letter yesterday ... ... but all he talked about was whathe wants to eat when he gets home That 's good Some people have even been ordered to commit suicide I was worried about what might have happened to linuma I 'm happy to hear he 's all right You came just for that ? Looks like you done it . Folks ai n't talkin ' about much else . Talkin ' about a lynchin ' when they catch the fella . They killed Casy first . They 're sayin ' you done it first . Do they know ... what the fella looks like ? They know he got hit in the face . I 'm sorry , Ma . I did n't know what I was doin' any more than when you take a breath . I did n't even know I was gon na do it . Oh , it 's all right , Tommy . I wished you did n't do it ... but you done what you had to do . Tom , there 's a whole lot I do n't understand ... but goin' away ai n't gon na ease us . Cell-_spacing : Cell Spacing : Cell spans % d column
L259	c(ells ) , p(ercent ) , x(percent of category [ column ] ) , y(percent of category [ row ] ) , a(cres ) , h(ectares ) , k(square kilometers ) , m(square miles ) Cell % s removed . cell : the referenced cell Cell this server serves files for : Cellular Activated Cellular data : Cellular cellular Cellular Cellular only I stopped , I stopped ! Hands behind your back . I 'm not sorry . He deserved it . All of it ! We only hit his car . How long has he been seeing your daughter ? She 's a child , she 's 14 . He 's a grown hairy - arsed man with a nice shiny car . How long , do you know ? Two months , as far as I know . Do n't even want to think about it . Thank you , sir . What have we got ? THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND THE COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN UNION , Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , and in particular Article 156 thereof , Having regard to the proposal from the Commission[1 ] , Having regard to the opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee[2 ] , Having regard to the opinion of the Committee of the Regions[3 ] , Acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 251 of the Treaty , Whereas : ( 1 ) Council Regulation ( EC )
L260	No 1321/2004 of 12 July 2004 on the establishment of structures for the management of the European satellite radio - navigation programmes[4 ] , as amended by Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1942/2006 of 12 December 2006[5 ] in order to reflect the fact that the Galileo Joint Undertaking would cease activities on 31 December 2006 , established a Community agency , called the European GNSS Supervisory Authority , hereinafter referred to as the ' Authority' . ( 2 ) The role and the tasks of the Authority , set out in Articles 1 and 2 respectively of Regulation ( EC ) No 1321/2004 , were defined in order to meet the requirements of the system for the concession of the management and financing of the deployment and operational phases of the Galileo programme . This system was discontinued in 2007 , and responsibility for management and financing of the deployment phase of the programme will no longer be awarded to the private sector . Moors Exhibition : Petr Nikl : Do not freeze . Store in the original package in order to protect from light . How glorious the battles would have been that they never had to fight ! ' He hesitated , and then shrugged . ' And you say bought and sold ? All right . But not , I think , needlessly spent . ' The Patrician flashed one of those sharp , fleeting little smiles to say that something that was n't very funny had nevertheless amused him .
L261	You covered up your own daughter 's death . You have to understand how powerful that being is . We just performed a retrieval . Sean glass ? You found an escape pod ? There was only a faint signal . The revision should be based on scientific criteria determined by the European Food Safety Authority set up by Regulation ( EC ) No 178/2002(6 ) and take the form of implementing measures of a technical nature , the adoption of which should be entrusted to the Commission in the interest of simplifying and accelerating the procedure . They were perhaps halfway across when it became evident that the tide turned . Garion struggled to get the frightened animal up again , pulling at the reins as the horse 's hoofs scrambled and slid on the slippery rocks of the reef . " We 'll be neck - deep in this before long . " " Two more islands , " Belgarath told . " ' here 's a bigger one up ahead . " Really ? I drew it out , just follow the steps The objective of reporting by a defined contribution plan is periodically to provide information about the plan and the performance of its investments . Decryption succeeded . Deductions Deductive database Dee Dee Ramone Deed Deep Deep Deep Blue Deep Blue Deep Green Deep Impact Deep Orange Deep Purple discography Deep River Deep Sky He sighed . " I did n't think so .
L262	Second , we 'll see what we learn about what kind of income Laris has and figure out how we can hurt him . " Men came to work , ties and hats . So elegant . And an inside monogrammed pocket , you know , for your opium pipe and your switchblade . And you killed her . I know how much you looked up to eva . I 'm sorry you had to learn she had such darkness in her past . That was n't the woman I knew . It makes me wonder what happened that changed her . I suppose I 'll never know . I was such a brat . Your mother 's child . I think we 've wasted our last day being haunted by the past . Now we can focus on being haunted by our impending lack of a future . That was a great show ! I mean , why cancel it ? But , still , my own show . I mean , look at all this stuff ! Oh , hey . Oh , it 's a bank ! Cool . What do you do ? You push the hat , and out ... ( LAUGHING ) I get it . Whoo ! ( g ) manufacturers of the active substances ( names and addresses including location of manufacturing sites ) ;
L263	Accordingly it should only be in cases where financial instruments are combined with grants that the way in which VAT is taken into account at the level of the final recipient should be relevant for the purposes of determining eligi­ bility of expenditure related to the grant . The hell with this ! Now , just a minute , Marshal I 'd stay for that . He always lies . The competent authority of a Member State to which training organisations having the Agency as the competent authority in accordance with Article 4 have applied for the issue of a certificate before the date of entry into force of this Regulation shall finalise the certification process in coordination with the Agency and transfer the file to the Agency upon the issue of the certificate . STATEMENTS BY THE COMMISSION The Commission made two written statements which are attached . Really ? You 're a bad person . I hope I have tuberculosis . I 'm sorry , Bernie . You still have my ticket . Bernie , you have my ticket ! Bernie ! Ritchie ! Ticket ! Look at that . You should n't be texting while you drive . I was n't texting you . Matthew told me to . Yeah , but you took it too far . We 're going in . Shield 's holding .
L264	We keep going like this , we 're going to put too much strain on the shield , which means more power draining from the ZPM . In fact , you mean entry . Copy that . We want to touch down gently , like a leaf kissing the surface of a pond . Nice kissing . Systems are looking good ... so far , and plenty of power in the ZPM . Drop the shield . Colonel sheppard , we made it . If no auth methods are stated , dynamic defaults are used . ( Only the Finnish and the Swedish texts are authentic ) Every hero should have one . I guess this means you 've decided you 're leaving . He 's already gone . I 'm sorry . I know how much you liked him . Yeah . It 's the last one taken of us together . Was there anything significant about that day ? Not exactly . Lindy , whatever he wants to tell you by sending you this picture could help us find Reese . In the original picture , your sister 's wearing a bracelet , but in the replica , she 's not . Why ? I did n't think anyone noticed . I did . I mean , once before she disappeared . I gave it to her as a present , and she loved it . Things had been rough after my mom died and it was nice to see her smile again .
L265	|| · Existing provisions in the area of the proposal By Regulation ( EU ) No 1071/2012 the Commission imposed a provisional anti - dumping duty on imports of threaded tube or pipe cast fittings , of malleable cast iron , originating in the People 's Republic of China and Thailand . The case must be brought before a court that is competent to hear it , see B below . Ordinary courts comprise district courts , the High Courts and the Supreme Court . There are also three specialised courts which deal with civil cases : the Maritime and Commercial Court , the Industrial Tribunal and the Rent Tribunal . B. Which ordinary court must I apply to ? However , certain cases relating to business can be brought before the Maritime and Commercial Court . The basic rule as to which court is competent The basic rule is that the case must be brought before the defendant 's competent court . The competent court for legal persons such as companies and associations is the district court whose jurisdiction covers the place where the head office is located . Certain civil cases can be brought before a Danish court even if the defendant 's competent court is in a foreign country . Examples include cases relating to immovable property in Denmark or cases concerning contracts to be executed in this country . Inefficient , but if it works-- " " -- It 's good , " Gamer finished for him .
L266	His voice was thickened by the pull of the linear accelerator . For five seconds the soundless pressure lasted , two gravities of pull . Such information need not be supplied by the vehicle manufacturer if it is covered by intellectual property rights or constitutes specific know - how of the manufacturer or the OEM supplier(s ) . Upon request , this appendix will be made available to any interested component , diagnostic tools or test equipment manufacturer , on a non - discriminatory basis . Curzon warned you about it . Do you remember that Argosian lieutenant who threw a drink in your face ? And you knocked me down before I could kill him . I still have a little scar here from your ring finger . I tried on that ring after Curzon died . It just slipped off my finger . It is my obligation to protect the lives of those in my command . You taught that to me ! That was Curzon . I feel the shame of Curzon 's indiscretion . I love it . I have this huge annual review coming up ... so keep 'em crossed , girls . Congratulations , you did it . If she 's looking for Thornhill , then she 's got to be our threat . Did you figure out what was on those printouts ? Five and a half months ago he opened this account with a single penny . Do n't answer the phone again unless it 's me .
L267	I wo n't let Root get to you . I do n't see him yet , Finch . Mr. Thornhill 's car should be there any second . Who 's this guy ? They 're gon na blow up Thornhill 's car ! No papa . No whiskey soda . Hello , darling . Lovely to see you . Big kisses . There he is . Leave Shanghai while you can . They leave us alone . Lockwood 's invited a Chink . English humor ? Scottish whiskey . Sir ? I said where does he work . Did you not hear me ? A toilet flushed somewhere . A doorlatch clicked . Chigurh looked at the woman again . Then he went out and got in the Ramcharger and left . He pulled in at the cafe and took the envelopes out of his shirtpocket and unfolded them and opened them and read the letters inside . There were calls to Del Rio and to Odessa . He went in and got some change and went to the payphone and dialed the Del Rio number but there was no answer . He called the Odessa number and a woman answered and he asked for Llewelyn . The woman said he was nt there . Who is this ? Did he say that ? Remember , these are for the police . I 'll put a bit more in them . This is too watery . For goodness sake , Carlos .
L268	Go on , please . I packed everything and went to work . Except for the phone , which I ripped out myself . Your friends are taking their time . They must be snogging . She'il have to wise up . He 's just like his father . Wrong guess . Would you like to go for double jeopardy ? Mm , these are very bad for you . Who are you , then ? The monkey in the wrench , the pain in the ass . Check on all the others . See if he 's lying about Marco and find out if anyone else is missing . Mr Mystery Guest ... ... are you still there ? Yeah , I 'm still here ... ... unless you wanna openthe front door for me . You know my name , but who are you ? Another orphan of a bankrupt culture ... ... who thinks he 's John Wayne , Rambo , Marshal Dillon ? I was always partial to Roy Rogers , actually . Do you really think you have a chance against us , Mr Cowboy ? [ 3 ] The amount available for the variable tranche comprised 9 million euro for the financial year 2008/09 and 6,3 million euro of undisbursed tranches from the financial year 2007/08 .
L269	Of this variable tranche a maximum of 50 % could be disbursed on the basis of the performance on education indicators , while the remaining 50 % would be determined by the performance indicators on health . [ 4 ] This particular project has had a very positive and measurable impact in the municipality where it was implemented . This includes significantly improved enrolment rates and pass rates in primary schools and the commitment of local authorities to maintain and fund the established infrastructure for teacher training centres . However , the Court 's assessment of the results achieved strictly refer to the expected results as they are formulated in the revised log - frame used in the final evaluation report ( EQUIP - Final evaluation report - December 2008 , Annex E ) . The actions described to attain the objectives set forth in this Article are set out in Article 55 of Title VI ( Economic and Trade Development ) of Part III of this Agreement . Article 232 Exhaustion The Parties shall be free to establish their own regime for exhaustion of intellectual property rights , subject to the provisions of the TRIPS Agreement . CHAPTER 2 Standards concerning intellectual property rights SECTION A Copyright and related rights Article 233 Protection Granted The Parties shall comply with : 2011 Census of the Czech Republic 2011 England riots 2011 World Aquatics Championships I do . He 's there , all right . I told you and I will tell Munro .
L270	This is the teacher 's room . Your work desk . Do your work here . There are books and ink . You sleep here . If the bed 's too small , extend it with the chair . Zhang Mingxian is the class president . Jiao Jie , Zhang Huike , Tian Xuewei , Ming Xinhong . These three girls sleep with you at night . The two boys sleep out there . You 'll eat together . If the parents divorce or split up , how is the question of parental responsibility determined for the future ? ( by common agreement or by going to court ) If the parents can not come to an agreement on the issue of parental responsibility , what are the alternative means for solving the conflict without going to court ? If the parents go to court , what issues can the judge decide upon relating to the child ? If the court decides that one parent shall have single custody of a child , does this mean that he or she can decide on all matters relating to the child without first consulting the other parent ? To which court or authority should I turn if I want to lodge an application on parental responsibility ? Which formalities must be respected and which documents shall I attach to my application ? Which procedure applies in these cases ? Is an emergency procedure available ? Can I obtain legal aid to cover the costs of the procedure ?
L271	In certain cases , it may be necessary to apply to a court or another authority to have a decision on parental responsibility enforced . To which court should I turn in ( Member State making the fiche ) to oppose the recognition of a decision on parental responsibility issued by a court in another Member State ? The Tribunal shall decide , after hearing the parties , whether the failure to observe dates or time - limits which are not fixed by the Staff Regulations or by these Rules renders the procedural document or reply at issue inadmissible . The preceding subparagraph shall apply to the failure to observe the time - limit prescribed in the first subparagraph of Article 88(3 ) for the lodging of the statement in intervention . Section 4 Procedures for dealing with cases Article 40 Procedures for dealing with cases 1 . What ? His funeral ! The cathedral , all Vienna sitting there . As a professional Black Guard , you 're acting ridiculous ! You fool ! Damn you ! Black Guard , Renzaburo Taki . My sworn enemy has fallen into our hands . Do n't even think that I will let you die so easily . The woman ... let Makie go . Are you in love with her ' ? Do n't express your own dirty thoughts . It does n't matter . I will ask your body how much you 're involved ... with this disgusting conspiracy that 's secretly going on .
L272	6 - 3 Zebra , 1 0 - 85 forthwith , 44 and 8th , Take that ! A delegated act adopted pursuant to this Regulation shall enter into force only if no objection has been expressed either by the Parliament or the Council within a period of two months of notification of that act to the European Parliament and the Council , or if , before the expiry of that period , the European Parliament and the Council have both informed the Commission that they will not object . That period shall be extended by two months at the initiative of the European Parliament or of the Council . I would n't fly in a plane with you . Ah , there are far easier ways to kill someone Than drowning them in a car . That particular baby researcher gone . Of the people that could get downsized . How would it look if I compromised evidence for my first gig as medical examiner ? That 's the smell . Member States may introduce either official lists of approved contractors , suppliers or service providers or certification by certification bodies established [ under ] public or private law . Admittedly , the second subparagraph of Article 6(1 ) provides that ' [ t]ransport undertakings may lodge applications after the expiry of the aforementioned period if they find that the provisions of Article 4(1 ) are satisfied' , in other words , if the obligation entails economic disadvantages for them .
L273	This is our fault . She 's right . It 's about professionalism . There you go again . Diane Zaranski was Colin Haymer 's girlfriend . SFPD suspected her of being in the gang that kidnapped him . The Crazy Hill Gang . Same crew must have kidnapped Mia Westlake . No Thank god , because this is too good Maisy was arrested While harold was at work , she was having sex with men in her house for money Can you imagine ? There 's a black - tie event ... that 's all black and Thai chicks . Maybe it 's strong . Really strong . So wait ! The girl smuggles a deer in the room under her coat ... Stop with the girl . Weapon ? Man , I thought we agreed on an animal attack ? Yeah ... buddy . Hello , Faraday . So soon ? Great . So , you 're not going to say hello to me ? I 'm Bill ! You went to this school ? No . I do n't believe this guy . But you brought the car here ? When you ca n't drive ? I 'm sorry . And thank you for everything . Wait ! If you leave like that , I 'll really report you . It was in your jacket . Looks like a tracking device . Those men are very suspicious . You 're even more suspicious . You have nowhere to go and no wallet .
L274	I try to fulfill my duties to you with all my might , Sir . Yeah , I think I can relate to that . So what happened ? There was an old water tank in the cellar . He must have climbed in there and with the calliper ... I was the one who found him . Oh , God ! Oliver that 's ... Everyone blamed me . I could n't bear it . I took rat poison , when cook was n't looking . See ? I told you you 'd hate me . That 's five compartments ! She can stay afloat with the first four compartments breached , but not five . As she goes down by the head the water will spill over the bulkheads , from one to the next . Back and back . The pumps The pumps buy you time , but minutes only . But this ship ca n't sink . It is a mathematical certainty . How much time ? An hour Two at most . And how many aboard , Mr Murdoch ? " We were n't certain the colonel would complete his zoot training in time . " M'boto 's teeth flashed in his ebon face . We could do everything or nothing . All I had to be was anything , 'cause it was always us . There are my feet . Guys , split up now . Cops all over us ! Okay , this is not a drill !
L275	You know what to do ! Trent , we 've got ta get out of here . Did you know about this ? Get to your stations ! You want to prove your loyalty , you get to your station ! Moving out ! Moving out ! Moving out ! I think it 's time you considered wearing spectacles , Detective . Forgive me , Doctor . I 'm merely checking in on the condition of your patients . You 'll have to leave . Then perhaps you should consider wearing a mask , Dr Henderson . Yeah . Why has Matthew Larson turned against your unit ? Can you tell me why he was discharged ? He was n't up for it . I get it . I see how it is . I 'm a man . See if it 's a little baby in there . Hey , baby . Oh , man , it 's just a stup- No ! I think we 're losing him . Ow ! What are you doing ? You ... hit me ! You cruel , stupid , slutty- Guys , we do n't have time for this ! Component of a multipack , ca n't be sold separately . No more doorways . No more secret meetings . You 're right , Dot . Yes , Dot . And maybe , someday ... ... someplace ? Maybe . Oh , Dot ... I love you . Me too . Up !
L276	|| On - going COM to cooperate with Multilateral Development Banks ( MDBs ) network in view of co - ordinating technical assistance to 3rd countries , supporting re - organising and computerising their Public Procurement regimes || On - going COM to consider any adjustments necessary and feasibility of e - Procurement in context of EU external aid instruments || On - going [ 1 ] A Digital Agenda for Europe COM(2010 ) 245 ( page 32 ) Yeah . Within each frequency grouping , undesirable effects are presented in order of decreasing seriousness . The most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel alone are : neutropenia ( which was reversible and not cumulative ; the median day to nadir was 7 days and the median duration of severe neutropenia ( < 500 cells / mm3 ) was 7 days ) , anaemia , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , stomatitis , diarrhoea and asthenia . The severity of adverse events of docetaxel may be increased when docetaxel is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . For combination with trastuzumab , adverse events ( all grades ) reported in ≥ 10 % are displayed . They were quiet , but rats and pigeons fled from their path . Richter hoped that would n't give the quarry warning ; he wanted to catch the man by surprise . For one thing , that might save some lives . It spoke well for Agency training ! A famous good thing , this marrying scheme .
L277	What do you think of it ? . Perhaps you and I might try the truth of that ? . I shall think of you , when I 'm in town ! Come on , James , we must tear ourselves away ! Go . Go , perhaps , forever . Isabella ! Whatever do you mean ? . Your mother and father , what will they say ? . I 'm sure they 'll be very happy for James . But my fortune will be so small . No . We 're in atari . Atari ? What 's that ? It 's a game called Go . It means you 're out of moves . Got one move left , whether you like it or not . Mm - hmm . Stay out of atari , brother . hers is natural . I wonder how you know that . nice and easy . god , this is undrinkable . he 'll have to make a fresh pot . Julia , please do n't . but I said we 'd be there on the dot . she 's got a very good scene right at the beginning . I 'm sorry , but I ca n't go without my coffee . Wilson , can you make a fresh pot ? bravo ! Galand had been luckier than most and considerably more astute than many Dragon warriors . When the order to disband was given he had moved south , keeping his background to himself .
L278	He married a village girl and started a family , but she had disappeared on a bright autumn day six years before . Rumours came to Delving about the round - up of former Dragon officers , and it was said that Bans himself had been arrested . This did not surprise Galand - he had always suspected Ceska would prove a tyrant . Man of the people ! The small farm had prospered and Galand bought an adjoining parcel of land from a widower . The man was leaving for Vagria - he had a brother in Drenan who had warned him about impending changes - and Galand had bought him out for what seemed a peppercorn price . Then the soldiers arrived . A new law meant that non - titled citizens could own only four acres of land . The state acquired the rest at a price that made peppercorn seem a king 's ransom . Wonderful to meet you two . Make yourselves comfortable . We 're thrilled to have you in our home . You two clean up well . Enjoy the party . Thanks , Ms. Benton . Yeah , that 's easy for her to say . How do I know one of these rich people is n't a hidden Trag here to help you with your plan ? I know you 're working with someone . Well , if you worried a little less about me , you 'd see who just came in .
L279	Emery , it 's so wonderful to see you . Come with me . You talked to Vega ? Yeah . Vega wants us to kidnap Grayson Montrose , take him across the ferry , and bring him to an abandoned warehouse off of highway 32 . Wow , check it out . Djay , I put some extra demos in the car , all right , man ? In case they have some label folk there . Man , I like that . D. " Sits in a window . " " Secrets , adventure . " " Secrets from her knight " ? " Sits in the window . " She calls them your adventures . " Ever would it be night , but always clear day . " That 'd be ... that 'd be bright light . It 's never night in Las Vegas . Excuse me ? I need to be connected to the field office closest to Las Vegas , Nevada , immediately . Hi . This is Dr. Spencer Reid with the behavioral analysis unit at Quantico . Look , I need my mother picked up and brought to Virginia in protective custody as soon as possible . We 're searching for an unsub who shot one of our agents today , and I think he might know my mother , and I believe she may be in danger . If that does n't work ... - ... we 'll go in and arrest her .
L280	Pacific Palms is the name of the street my mom lives on . And Hightower- I mean , the package . - Is in Room 305 ... ... which is my mom 's house number . 305 Pacific Palms . I thought it was weird . I 'll take a medium nonfat latte , please . I 'll have the same . Oh , yeah ? Janet : It 's okay , honey . I 've been biking . I need to talk to you , daniel , in private . It 's why I 've been calling you . Is it a secret what you need to tell me ? I 'm sorry , daniel . What is this secret that is not a secret ? The district attorney has informed me That she 's prepared to offer you a plea deal . It would be time served plus 10 years . I think I can negotiate that down to 5 . Would they go for 3 ? How about 2 ? The next step was to work on Buddy Briggs . Hi , Buddy . And you do n't go in the tank anymore either . You hear me ? Now get out ! Mary , why are n't you at waitress school ? You 're never gon na give me those things , and you know why ? Nobody owns Buddy Briggs ! I believe you . That 's why I won you in the poker game .
L281	The Convention shall enter into force on the first day of the month following the expiration of three months after the deposit of the third instrument of ratification , acceptance or approval referred to in Article 57 . These analyses will be conducted in Studies CA 209037 and CA209066 in patients with advanced melanoma . All men are alike . in the end , they always break your heart . If we are indeed trapped in some sort of labyrinth , then the logical course is to systematically eliminate all routes which do not lead us to our desired destination . That way , we 'll increase the chances that one of us will be successful . As you wish , Commander . Tell me something , Tuvok . What does your logic tell you about navigating a maze that 's constantly changing shape ? Then we 're ready to give it a try . Activate the auxiliary pattern buffers . Would you mind moving your foot , Tommy boy ? It 's blocking my shot . That 's not all . We lost Neelix , too . It is likely that they , too , are trapped in other parts of the ship , cut off from communication and unable to find their way out . If not , we may never be able to get to the Bridge . How long ? Based on the rate of implosion thus far , I estimate the ring will crush Deck 6 in approximately 68 minutes .
L282	C_2011232EN.01002602.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union C 232/26 Judgment of the General Court of 28 June 2011 - ATB Norte v OHIM - Bricocenter Italia ( BRICO CENTER Garden ) Subject : Maternity benefit Answer from the Commission ( 16 June 2009 ) I read it . She offered . Of ... ? But he would love to speak to you ... ... in person , if possible . Up north . My brothers ... ... and their wives and their children and grandchildren ... ... were all gathered here ... ... for our loathsome annual board meeting and dinner . I honestly do n't remember what I was doing ... ... that I thought was more important ... ... but I told her to give me a few minutes . Police , ambulance , fire brigade ... ... reporters , photographers , onlookers all quickly arrived from town ... ... just as we on the island , the family , hurried to the bridge from our side . The driver of the car ... ... a man named Aronsson ... ... was pinned and severely injured . We tried desperately to pry him loose with our hands ... ... since metal tools might spark . Just as we from our side ... ... slowly drifted back to the house .
L283	Opaque blisters ( PVC / PE / PVDC and aluminum ) . Packs of 14 , 28 , 30 , 56 , 84 , 90 or 98 film - coated tablets and 50 x 1 film - coated tablets in perforated unit dose blisters . Not all pack sizes may be marketed . I brought him some comforts . Mr. Bonney ? It 's me , Moultrie . " Rally around the flag , boys . " Mr. Bonney , I gave youyour death notice in the paper . You helped me ... ... so I brought you some comforts , Mr . Bonney . Box of shortbread . Some clean linen . The guards may inspect it . You care for reading matter , Mr. Bonney ? About you from the East here . Mister , it needs time ! She should have given us the line ! My daughter . Dame Alais , shall I attend on you now ? Later , Rixende . When I get back from the river . What happened ? You 're fainted . You 're okay now . The ring ? Where 's the ring ? There was a pain in my side like I 'd been stabbed . I saw the blood . People screaming . The Polish ( 7 ) and Czech Governments , the Commission and the EFTA Surveillance Authority have submitted written observations . III - Appraisal A - Principal arguments of the parties 10 .
L284	Inter alia , to allow an NCA to declare that Articles 101 and 102 TFEU are inapplicable - to the extent that it can be guaranteed that the conduct of an undertaking is lawful - would , apart from requiring considerable administrative resources , be likely to dissuade victims of conduct which they suspect of being unlawful from bringing individual actions against the perpetrator and from thus contributing to the private enforcement of EU competition law ( whereas Regulation No 1/2003 is meant to endorse private enforcement ) . As regards the second question , the Commission argues that Article 5 of Regulation No 1/2003 is directly applicable . The EFTA Surveillance Authority contends that in a situation such as that of the case before the referring court , where it is considered that the conditions for a prohibition decision are not met , Articles 3(1 ) and 5 of Regulation No 1/2003 oblige an NCA to apply Article 102 TFEU by bringing its administrative procedure to an end with a finding that there are no grounds for action on its part . Mr . Belkin , we 've transferred the money . Your reputation and your word speak for themselves . Like I said , I sort it out - You do n't take chances with this kind of money . What does ' how are you ' mean ? No , they do not . I 'm hungry .
L285	Look , crawfish climb out right onto the pier and no one bothers to catch them . Maybe he is n't coming ? I was n't even twenty then . University , Perestroika , America , Coca - Cola . Got married , then got divorced . Bibliographic notice Bibliographic notice + Text ( bilingual display ) html pdf C2009/082/59 34 - 34 ( BG , ES , CS , DA , DE , ET , EL , EN , FR , IT , LV , LT , HU , MT , NL , PL , PT , RO , SK , SL , FI , SV ) Bibliographic notice Bibliographic notice + Text ( bilingual display ) html pdf C2009/056/03 Non - opposition to a notified concentration ( Case COMP / M.5475 - Atlantia / Acciona / Itínere Chilean Assets ) Text with EEA relevance The General Court divided the pleas into two groups : in the first group of pleas , the grounds of the contested decision were challenged as they were considered vitiated by error , whereas the pleas in the second group did not concern errors in the grounds of the decision .
L286	Lastly , the General Court held that ClientEarth had also failed to establish the existence of an overriding public interest justifying disclosure of the documents concerned . IV - The appeal 24 . V - The procedure before the Court of Justice A - First ground of appeal 25 . The first ground of appeal is divided into two parts . The first part challenges the reasons which led the General Court to consider that the studies at issue are part of a Commission investigation . In ClientEarth 's view , the concept of ' investigation' requires there to be a formal decision by the Commission , which in the case at hand would entail the initiation of infringement proceedings . In the absence of such a decision - and it could even be accepted that the decision does not immediately precede the document concerned , provided that the latter is an act preparatory to the decision - , the documents concerned are not part of an administrative investigation file covered by a general presumption of confidentiality . There are too many tanks . Beck and I can start on the others ... Beck ? You got us into this mess ... Where are you going ? Do n't worry . Maybe I can recruit some extra mechanics . Oh , no . Not a chance . Your antics may have worked with Able , but not with me , and certainly not now .
L287	Open in New Window Unlock Panels Lock Panels Information Terminal Places Panels Close left view Close Close right view Split Split view Ladies and gentleman , it is our pleasure xxx today at Loftus Versfeld our newly elected President , Mr. Nelson Mandela . Oh , yes , of course . These English mean business . Not because they lost , but because there 's now no way to ignore the fact that we are completely and utterly unprepared to re - enter the world of top - notch international rugby . He 's just bitter because the Springboks were boycotted when he played . Because , for them , the Springboks still represent apartheid . Viva ! Viva Proteas ! Viva ! Viva Proteas ! Viva ! Medicinal product subject to medical prescription . Benedict said , " The Cold War 's over . Northern Ireland 's fixed . " This could be very bad news for the service . " There 's so much intelligence . Ceaseless intelligence , and there 's barely time to consider it . There are times when the interests of the government and the interests of the country are coincident . I do n't disagree . So , I need to be clear . Who from ? Yes . A department of Homeland Security . It 'd be a popular move after the failures of the last 10 years . Let 's have a Royal Commission to give us cover , then let 's reconfigure the services entirely .
L288	( a ) Moving steering linkage fouling a fixed part of chassis . Trust me . I 'm not looking toadopt . I 'm looking to retire . But you do n't see him until I see the chip . Most black - market transactions tend to go the same way . This standard sequence is meant to ensure both parties against a blown deal , That does n't stop some peoplefrom bringing a little extra insurance . Charlie ! Mom ! Charlie . Oh , comehere , honey . Come here . He 's fine . His arm is fine . - analyse jointly economic issues of mutual interest , including the framing of economic policy and the instruments for implementing it ; Montenegro shall strive to establish a functioning market economy and to gradually approximate its policies to the stability - oriented policies of the European Economic and Monetary Union . At the request of the authorities of Montenegro , the Community may provide assistance designed to support the efforts of Montenegro in this respect . Co - operation in this area will include exchange of information concerning the principles and functioning of the European Economic and Monetary Union . Article 90 Statistical co - operation Co - operation between the Parties shall primarily focus on priority areas related to the Community acquis in the field of statistics , including in the economic , trade , monetary and financial areas .
L289	It will notably be aimed at developing efficient and sustainable statistical systems capable of providing , reliable , objective and accurate data needed to plan and monitor the process of transition and reform in Montenegro . It should also enable the Statistical Office in Montenegro to better meet the needs of its customers in the country ( both public administration and private sector ) . The statistical system should respect the fundamental principles of statistics issued by the UN , the European Statistical Code of Practice and the stipulations of the European Statistical law and develop towards the Community acquis . The Parties shall co - operate in particular to ensure the confidentiality of individual data , to progressively increase data collection and transmission to the European Statistical System and , to exchange of information on methods , transfer of know - how and training . Article 91 Banking , insurance and other financial services Co - operation between Montenegro and the Community shall focus on priority areas related to the Community acquis in the fields of banking , insurance and financial services . The Parties will co - operate with the aim of establishing and developing a suitable framework for the encouragement of the banking , insurance and financial services sectors in Montenegro based on fair competition practices and ensuring the necessary level playing field .
L290	I can take the key now with your say - so . He thinks he can bring back his daughter With the right objects . Stay close to him . Carefully . Very nice . Trevor , what is it ? But I thought you still might . Trevor , I would like more than anything to do that for you . I will pay it forward . But I can not do that . But that 's why this is the one . But I still think you could . If you wanted to do something huge ... Hey , Ricky . Maybe let me lick your ass or something ? Who is this ? Shit ! That 's right , bro . Looks like you should 've cut me up when you had the chance . You experiencing a little 20/20 hindsight ? You know , I kind of like that shit you put in me . Gon na give me some more ? Well ' I 'm ... I know , I know . It 's Fairport Convention . It 's nice . It 's one of the rules . I thought so . Wanna offer you a drink , but Arawako found my last dash . They are very good . The head must be clear , to listen to what your heart has to say . Are the Arawako saying that , or you ? I got it right that time , did n't I ? Yeah .
L291	I wanna know what is going on , and I wanna know right now ! Then the great big scary metal doors commence , and corridors that do n't smell so good , and he hears the generalized hubbub of a jail . But they take him past the hubbub and into other corridors that seem to be older and less used , and finally through an old - fashioned jailhouse door of iron bars and into a long vaulted stone room containing a single row of maybe half a dozen cells , with a guard 's passageway running along past the doors of the iron cages . Like a theme - park simulacrum of a jail . He noticed . You noticed . This is so weird . Hi . I wo n't overstay my welcome . I just wanted to check and see if everything was okay ... ... because after the tasting , things were a little tense with the in - laws . No tension here . Can I be frank ? Of course , I 'm Frank . Pardon the pun ... ... but at this stage in the course , I usually find out that ... ... a lot of couples resort to sexas a quick fix for their problems . We are . Does that make you uncomfortable , Ben ? No , I 'm not uncomfortable talking about sex , no .
L292	Having you in my living room talking about sex ... ... that makes me a little uncomfortable . Dad ? Dad ! What are you doing out here ? It 's 30 degrees , It 's the middle of the night , I know , - Well , are n't you cold ? So what are you doing out here ? It 's a distraction , I can see that , What 's your name ? You need to sit down , drink some water , and relax for a minute . We need to get him out of here . Really ? How do I tell the congregation ? We 'll make sure of it . Pay her whatever it takes . Help me find the nearest route to the freight elevator . Huck , what are you gon na need to take care of this ? Uh , latex gloves , a 24-inch bone saw , a skull chisel , an industrial meat cleaver , three dozen heavy - duty trash bags , ten bath towels , a 30-foot roll of plastic wrap , and two black coffees , extra tall . You say the building killed him ? The building is mechanized to kill whomever performs a specific sequence of actions . What the hell for ? You say his son is the guardian of the place . Does he have anything to offer ? He clearly suffers the effects of some kind of brain injury .
L293	If there 's stained glass and plaster icons , people made them . People with addresses . Ladies . Julia . I 'm afraid Margaret ca n't make it . Is n't this exciting ? The first woman in the British Empire to stand on the hustings as a candidate . The National Visa Center has direct access . The Bulgarian Consulates has access to SIS II via the National Visa Centre . Place of birth : Suroobi district , Kabul province , Afghanistan . Believed to be in the Afghanistan / Pakistan border area . Date of UN designation : 23.2.2001 . Date of designation referred to in Article 6(1)(b ) : 23.2.2001 . Calculation of the specific emissions The emissions ( g / kWh ) shall be calculated for all individual components in the following way : The weighting factors ( WF ) used in the above calculation are according to Section 2.7.1 . 4.6 . Calculation of the area control values For the three control points selected according to Section 2.7.6 , the NO x emission shall be measured and calculated according to Section 4.6.1 and also determined by interpolation from the modes of the test cycle closest to the respective control point according to Section 4.6.2 . The measured values are then compared to the interpolated values according to Section 4.6.3 . 4.6.1 . Calculation of the specific emission The NO x emission for each of the control points ( Z ) shall be calculated as follows : 4.6.2 .
L294	You want to run me down ? You go right ahead . You do it again one of us is going to the bone yard . Of an actual alcoholic strength by volume exceeding 13 % vol but not exceeding 15 % vol : 12,1 € /hl . Of an actual alcoholic strength by volume exceeding 15 % vol but not exceeding 18 % vol : 15,4 € /hl . Of an actual alcoholic strength by volume exceeding 18 % vol but not exceeding 22 % vol : 20,9 € /hl . Of an actual alcoholic strength by volume exceeding 22 % vol : 1,75 € /% vol / hl . In September 1997 , the Productschap Zuivel ( Dairy Products Board ) informed Vonk that it had received the AID 's official report , and annexed a copy of that report . You ever kill anybody ? No , I ai n't done nothing . I got a bum rap , you know . I 'm innocent . Ball - peen hammer . Prisoner number 9 7 G4 1 4 , Donald Groves . Convicted July 3 , ' 97 . Life imprisonment . I think I should kill Warden Glynn . I think I ought to kill Glynn . All right , look .
L295	No 3830/91 of 19 December 1991 amending the Staff Regulations of Officials of the European Communities and the Conditions of employment of other servants of the European Communities in respect of detailed rules for adjusting the remuneration ( OJ L 361 , 31.12.1991 , p. 1 ) . This appropriation is intended to cover the cost of any adjustments to remunerations approved by the Council during the financial year . CHAPTER 1 2 - MISCELLANEOUS EXPENDITURE ON STAFF RECRUITMENT AND TRANSFER Miscellaneous expenditure on staff recruitment and transfer Miscellaneous expenditure on staff recruitment Appropriations 2005 Appropriations 2004 Outturn 2003 Remarks Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities and in particular Articles 27 to 31 and 33 thereof . This appropriation is intended to cover the expenditure involved in recruitment procedures . Travel expenses Travel expenses Appropriations 2005 Appropriations 2004 Outturn 2003 Remarks Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities and in particular Articles 20 and 71 thereof and Article 7 of Annex VII thereto . This appropriation is intended to cover the travel expenses of staff ( including their families ) entering or leaving the service . Installation , resettlement and transfer allowances Installation , resettlement and transfer allowances Appropriations 2005 Appropriations 2004 Outturn 2003 Remarks Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities and in particular Articles 5 and 6 of Annex VII thereto .
L296	Since 1 January 2002 it has been in daily use by 300 million people in 12 European countries . Cat . nr : NC-27 - 00 - 645-EN - P Postcard 11 x 15.5 cm Cat . nr : NC-27 - 00 - 653-EN - D Available in all the official languages booklet : She probably thought he was just another university student who favored an eccentric look as a way of proclaiming his rebellious spirit and intellectual superiority . Every campus had a slew of the type , since it was easier to dress as a rebellious intellectual than be one . " Oh , I 'm sorry , Miss , " he said , " I did n't realize anyone was in here . " " That 's okay . I 'm only using just one washer , " she said . But I did n't mean to get in your way . She crumpled onto the vinyl - tile floor as if she were a pile of laundry . She did n't offer him money , or claim to understand and sympathize with him in a pathetic attempt to convert him from nemesis to friend . Neither did she scream nor weep nor wail nor curse . She was different from the others , for she found hope and comfort in a quiet , dignified , unending chain of whispered prayers .
L297	( o ) ' transport undertaking' means any natural person , any legal person , any association or group of persons without legal personality , whether profit - making or not , or any official body , whether having its own legal personality or being dependent upon an authority having such a personality , which engages in carriage by road , whether for hire and reward or for own account ; ( p ) It is granted towards the cost of such services . Economic sector(s ) concerned : All economic sectors covered by Article 1(1 ) of the exemption Regulation . Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than Albus Dumbledore . Harry must have walked straight past him , so desperate to get to the mirror he had n't noticed him . " Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you , " said Dumbledore , and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling . Fever ≥38 ° C rectally ( age 2 to 5 years ) Finally he looked up . That 'd be good . " As he was getting in , I said the last thing I had to say . " Damon ? About running off the way you did , not checking in despite our house rule , worrying your grandmother . . . " " Yeah , I 'm sorry about that . " " Well , me too . 'Cause you 're grounded . "
L298	Someone who can finally help me . This is an emergency . What is it ? Well , my dearest friend , Victoria Grayson , has been in a terrible accident , and I must see her . Just ask Daniel . You never brought me flowers when I was in the hospital . Then again , you put me there . Not now , Mama . You 've wasted so much time on your pathetic plan . Why did n't you just say that ? One second there , barkeep . Unless I 'm mistaken , the drink this lady just ordered is called the Minnesota Tidal Wave . Oh , well , you know , Robin 's been ordering them so much lately that we named it after her . You named a drink after me ? Right there in the menu . Congrats . I ca n't drink this . I 'm still seething , but that 's better . Okay , 20-Years - From - Now - Me , level with me . You . Us . But still I think you came too late . Well , I will not blame you . Aye , and 1 would not have it end without showing you at least a small measure of what I 've come to feel for you , without sharing at least one small secret . ' I 'm waiting , ' Dragosani eagerly answered . ' Go on . . . '
L299	The primal vampire was a thing of Nature no less than the primal man , and just as man lived on the lesser creatures about him , so too lived the vampire . We both , you see , were parasites in our way . All living things are . They did not die - indeed they became undead ! In this fashion a vampire is no less natural a creature than the lamprey or the leech , or even the humble flea ; except his host lives , becomes near immortal , and is not consumed as in the normal manner of massive parasitic possession . But as man evolved into the perfect host , so evolved the vampire , and as man became dominant so the vampire shared his dominance . ' Symbiosis , ' said Dragosani . That 's my doggy . Unlike some others , i wo n't name ! Why not ? Obelix . Justforkix needs us ! He just does n't know it ! The county morgue in Portland is a cold and antiseptic room done entirely in green tile . The walls are lined with square doors which look like large bus - terminal coin lockers . The decor is hardly inspired , but none of the clientele have ever been known to complain . At quarter to ten on this Saturday night , two attendants were wheeling in the sheet - covered body of a young homosexual who had been shot in a downtown bar .
L300	Buddy glanced at the tag on the first door he came to while Bob went down to the next . He yanked the handle set inside the door , and the slab rolled out on silent casters . Empty . Yeah , it 's like you just strung a whole bunch of words together . It 's a motorcycle . I found it on eBay . Won it over two jackasses who kept bidding up the price , but it 's still a major steal . I mean , it needs a little work , but it is so sweet . Well , I 'm happy for you . That 's great . What about you ? If you could have anything in the world right now , what would it be ? A baby . Harry , I 'm here . No , do n't ... do not wake her . Is that Kate ? Yep . Oh , fine . Wear the same two boring plaid shirts until you die . That 's the plan . Sue , uh , hi . Hi , Wylie . Yeah . Listen . I do n't know if you 've heard anything , But people have been saying that , you know , I like you . Oh ? I had n't heard anything . Well , it 's jussorta out there , and I just , you know , I want you to know ... I do n't .
L301	Thank you so much ! You know that bus crash yesterday on the interstate ? [ 17 ] Candidate countries and , where applicable , potential candidate countries from the Western Balkans . Yeah . Good luck with that . Deb ... I , uh , would n't have gotten this far without you . I 'm glad I could help . You cleaned . A little . Well , I hope I can still find shit . Hungry ? Are you kidding ? Totally fair . Well , I am gon na eat , and I made enough for you too . ANNEX III LABELLING AND PACKAGE LEAFLET This system comprises as a minimum a release unit activating one or more airbag modules and the electrical wiring harness , if present . ' Airbag' means a flexible material , forming an enclosed volume that receives the gas from the inflator and restrains the occupant . ' Airbag module' means the smallest sub - assembly comprising the energy source for its deployment and the airbag involved in the deployment . ' Replacement steering wheel' ( equipped with an airbag module ) means an aftermarket steering wheel which is supplied to modify a motor vehicle and which may vary in its functional dimensions , form and/or material from the original steering wheel provided by the vehicle manufacturer . There is no need to worry , just fell off the stairs . And so the stairs are not as high . Water , ma'am . Come on .
L302	This hotel is our home , my mother . Eyes closed kids ran up the steps . It was an unfortunate accident , not seek to be responsible . Doctor , how are you ? This intervention will keep for a long time , so I suggest that you continue retire to rest . I 'd rather stay . Mother , please ... - Alicia . No , no , I do n't like the red one . I do n't know why I brought it here . Must be for sentimental value . Damn , I 'm not tying it well , it never comes out straight . Well , it 's not a work of art , but there it is . Thank you , Miguel . Yeah . Now , your cuff . The questions are always the same . So if you can see them , it 's no problem . You must be careful to keep your hand near your body so they do n't see you . You 're not nervous , right ? Do you so much as know the meaning of the vows that you wish to take ? Obedience . Stability . Is there no grace in you at all ? Give me what is mine . If you do not , you will never take those vows . I will have you cast out . I have had worse . Well , he failed to teach you much sense , whatever else .
L303	( e ) ensure all the technical and organisational security measures required to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss , alteration , unauthorised disclosure or access , in particular where the cooperation involves the transmission of files and data to the diplomatic mission or consular post of the Member State(s ) concerned and all other unlawful forms of processing the personal data ; ( f ) process the data only for the purposes of processing the personal data of applicants on behalf of the Member State(s ) concerned ; Your witness . Get lost ! You understand ? Silence ! Or the hall will be cleared . Attorney Plummer , I sentence you to a 10 dollar penalty for contempt of court . With pleasure , Your Honor . Nobody takes away your rights . Objection , Your Honor ! Sustained ! You mean ... Objection , Your Honor ! The question has to be put differently ! What the hell ? ! She trapped me in this giant aspic ! Again ? Uh , " Marble Mubble " ? That 's correct . And he come to madame , and he say he fall in love with Mademoiselle del Mar. Leonard fell in love with Gloria , the marble - delivery girl ? Oui . They were going to run away together on that boat . But madame June -- she ... Killed them both . Drowned them . The police could never prove it .
L304	He would have fed her and cared for her and taken her with him to see the Old Ones and the Dead Men , and been very happy . For some reason , that question troubled them . " No . Not yet . It is a very long trip for the kind of ship she had . Longer than she would live . " " She is still traveling , Wan . Thomson Financial and Reuters are both global providers of financial information , integrated with software tools and applications . They aggregate and disseminate market data content including real - time market data , and provide analytics , trading and messaging capabilities needed by financial professionals . You know what ? Okay ? First motherfucking thing they did ... Rousted my ass out of bed 10:00 in the morning ... Scared the shit out of my woman Sheronda ... She thought they was gon na take my ass away for sure ... You know her last name ? Brown . Jackie Brown ... What does she do for you ? She 's my friend . My friends getin trouble , I like to help them out ... Beaumont worked for you ... This you and me talking , like lawyer - client thing ? You ca n't tell nothing I say to you ? Means of going astern ( R 28 ) Steering gear ( R 29 ) Ventilating systems in machinery spaces ( R 35 )
L305	Location of emergency installations ( R 39 ) Machinery controls ( R 31 ) Air pressure systems ( R 34 ) Protection against noise ( R 36 ) Lifts PART D - ELECTRICAL INSTALLATIONS General ( R 40 ) This wholearea will be incinerated when he implodes that sun there into a black hole . That beautiful violet star ? It 's so you ca n't keep your ball at the end of the game . It 's difficult . you might get hurt . You were discussing the difference between communicating ... ... between the material universe and the anti - material universe . right ? Exactly . It 's like you 're inside of a black hole . The gravitational force is so great that nothing ... ... absolutely nothing can escape . which means absolutely no communication . But Kelvin has this- - What time is it ? Why ? ... I 'm getting kind of hungry . That 's true . How ? How do I know ? Well . you can see it in the movie . right ? Hey . Go away . What ? Move ! What are-- what are you doing ? Watching the game . Are you stealing from my bag ? Why , do you have something good in there ? Those are n't mine . Yes , they are . They 're the disgusting ones with extra cheese and ketchup . You just asked me for them . I 'll take them .
L306	Candidate case for simplified procedure ( 2005/C 131/02 ) ( Text with EEA relevance ) Pursuant to Article 69(4 ) of the Rules of Procedure , the Kingdom of Spain shall pay the costs it has incurred by reason of its intervention . VI - Conclusion 89 . The radio lay on the landing ; it had come down hard when she fell . For a moment , she thought she might as well abandon it , but the radio meant something special to her . It was the only human thing she had left , the only thing that talked to her . She might be able to find another in the building , but she could n't chance silence . Getting past the heavy fire door resulted in more misery and more bruises when it slammed on her arm , but she finally lay back on the carpet of the elevator lobby , staring up at the acoustic ceiling overhead . She rolled onto her stomach , alert for anything moving . Stillness , quiet . See , I knew the Comebacks had a shot this year . And I also knew , if I could talk you back into coaching They 'd sink like a stone , Because that 's what you do , Coach- You lose ! You bastard . That 's impossible . I 'm in here with you . People talk about you . You cheat at checkers . Oh , why resist it ? Aah .
L307	Yeah , easy . That 's right . Make it , take it , be - Yotch . Come on ! How can I ... I remember that you were the one that said you could accommodate me , right ? Yes , I can ! I 'll be such a professional secretary that you 'd beg for me to work for you . But ... for you to ask me now what you 're suppose to do , what should I do ? If you can give me some more time , I think I can . If I give you some time , I will definitely need you ? Go home . I ca n't write so I do n't have anything to ask you to do . Right now , all you can do for me is sharpen pencils and make coffee . Yet you ca n't do those well . Go home . That ... Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on 11 January 2005 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 10 January 2005 . This is police business . We 'd like you to come with us . You 're wanted for questioning in the murder of Laura Palmer . is that specific enough for you ? Mr. Tojamura , I 'm sure that thisis some dreadful mistake . You can come quietly or we can drag you through your lobby in handcuffs .
L308	That 's all . Boss ? IShut it , Jimmy . Any more bodies ? . He can'tjust leave like that ! So what ? . Keep your nose out . I 'm serious . It 's either find a job , or go back to college . You 've got till Christmas . Under certain terms - you 'll get up when the rest of us get up , not spend the whole morning lying in bed . I 'm sorry . There 's nobody here to take your call . If you 'd like to leave a message for Fitz , ( 33 ) OJ L 275 , 19.10.2007 , p. 3 . ( 34 ) OJ L 309 , 27.11.2007 , p. Okay , moving right along . Come on . It 's open . Come in . I 'm sorry I 'm late . - That 's okay . I had time to finish glazing my nipples . You go all out when you 're expecting company . I was working on my pottery . Oh ! Oh ! I did n't know that you did pot . Mostly nudes . Erottery ! I thought it 'd be a good idea to talk about this baby stuff in person . I do n't think it 's a good idea . Why not ? You 'd be giving up a baby . And I really do n't ... Say we are , we are social fascists !
L309	Aye , they do . Ca n't I come with you ? I can ride now . You 've seen me riding . And I wo n't get in the way , I ... Until I return that will be you . You are not to leave the castle walls while we are gone . Listen to Maester Luwin . Look after your little brother . I will . I 'll send letters whenever I can , but if you do n't hear from me , do n't be scared . Well , please apologize to your wife for my keeping you here all night . It is fine . She is in India . So you work here and you travel back and forth ? Yes . Every three months , when I have a break in work and can afford the plane fare . Just , you know , being married and spending all that time apart . Time does not matter . Subject : Remarks by EU Commissioner in favour of banning a party in a Member State Joint answer from the Commission ( 22 January 2008 ) The winds are generally mild and only on a few days of the year are there southerly winds which cause problems for other crops ( citrus trees ) . According to table III of the initial file which contains the averages for the eight years 1966 - 73 , the average annual rainfall is close to 700 mm .
L310	And you are ? Me , I 'm Calogero . Ca - who ? My family 's from Sicily . You know where Italy is ? It 's the boot that comes down . The island next to it that looks like it 's getting kicked , well , that 's Sicily . I like Italians . - You do ? Hm - mm . There . Do n't you look pretty ! Sunny Muffins , you 're my bestest friend . My name is Pegasus . Sunny Muffins . Pegasus . Oh , God ! God , why ? Sunny Muffins . Say it ! You bitch ! Come on . Say it . The Agency shall cooperate with national regulatory authorities and transmission system operators to ensure the compatibility of regulatory frameworks between the regions with the aim of creating a competitive internal market in electricity . Where the Agency considers that binding rules on such cooperation are required , it shall make appropriate recommendations . Eye Corps . Nice fellows , thought Adrian . If the complaint is rejected the candidate may bring a case under Article 236 of the EC Treaty and Article 91 of the Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities and Conditions of employment of other servants of the European Communities before : The European Union Civil Service Tribunal Please forgive a cowardly me . I think I 'll have to take 30,000 Won for this . I perfectly know how much it should be .
L311	Uniforms are expensive from the start . And look at the state of these clothes . I cut the cost down a lot because it 's a uniform . If you do n't like it , then too bad . Go there . Why are you being like this , Ahjussi ? 25,000 Won ? Bon appetite . Yo , yo , yo . No . She 's just ... going . You 're everything I 've ever wanted . Wild dogs could n't drag me away from you . Do you realize he 's six ? He said he walked down Burnside . I do n't even walk down Burnside alone . The Committee recalls that this debate has been going on for many years - largely to no avail . After a delay of three years , in late March 2007 the Commission finally published its Green Paper on market - based instruments for environment and related policy purposes , which provided the debate with a fresh impetus . The Committee will work to ensure that , using the progress reports as a vehicle , we at last get some movement on this issue which is of such key importance for sustainable development .
L312	The Committee also welcomes the announcement that ' by 2008 , the Commission should put forward a roadmap for the reform , sector by sector , of subsidies that have considerable negative effects on the environment and are incompatible with sustainable development' . The Committee also subscribes to the objective of ' gradually eliminating' these subsidies , although it does feel that a specific time frame for such a move would be useful and that consideration should also be given to the possibility of transferring the savings thereby made to a new ' EU sustainability fund' , on which the Member States can draw when an environmental measure involves costs that are disproportionate to their budget ( Article 175(5 ) and 174(1 ) of the Treaty of Nice ) . Only then will people be willing to take an active part in the action needed and give it their support . Well ... All right , go ahead and spoil me . " Elisa , you seem so distant . What 's wrong with you ? I love you . " Antonio wants you to go home ? Everyday I realize we 're further apart . It 's strange ... You live with someone for years , then realize you do n't know them . I do n't know Antonio . I do n't mean to bore you . Not at all ... I 'm glad you confide in me . Son of the gun , we 're only allowed to take orders from Santa .
L313	That 's exactly what they want you to believe . Private , give 'em a little demo . Now , go find Big Red and we'il get this baby airborne . ( h ) Shetab Trading Acting on behalf of Yasa Part . The radiator is placed on top of the support in a manner such that the radiating surface is horizontal and the radiation is downwards . A lever / pedal shall be provided in the column to lift the support of the radiator slowly . It shall also be provided with a catch in order to ensure that the radiator can be brought back in its normal position . If you had asked for it , I would have given this to you , Mercedes . It 'll be better if you come with me without struggling . Shall we go ? Have you seen my mother ? We 'll block all access to the woods . We 'll set up three new command posts . Mercedes . Come up and see him . The wound is getting worse . Very weak . Excuse us , Captain ... At 8 o'clock , we detected movement in the northwestern sector . Red propaganda , Captain-
L314	Notwithstanding paragraph 2 , and without prejudice to the exercise of investigatory powers conferred on it under this Regulation , from 3 November 2013 , the ECB may start carrying out the tasks conferred on it by this Regulation other than adopting supervisory decisions in respect of any credit institution , financial holding company or mixed financial holding company and following a decision addressed to the entities concerned and to the national competent authorities concerned . Notwithstanding paragraph 2 , if the ESM unanimously requests the ECB to take over direct supervision of a credit institution , financial holding company or mixed financial holding company as a precondition for its direct recapitalisation , the ECB may immediately start carrying out the tasks conferred on it by this Regulation in respect of that credit institution , financial holding company or mixed financial holding company , and following a decision addressed to the entities concerned and to the national competent authorities concerned . This category corresponds to the ' weak' rating category within the meaning of the Reference Rate Communication . For a company rated ' weak' , the loan margins to be added to the base rate under the Reference Rate Communication range , depending on the collateral offered , from 220 bps for a high collateralisation to 650 bps for a low collateralisation . In December 2005 , [ ... ] rated ÅI at B - ( satisfactory ) , which corresponds to a ' satisfactory' rating within the meaning of the Reference Rate Communication .
L315	Therefore the Commission considers it appropriate to apply the more conservative rating produced by [ ... ] . This has an impact for 2003 and 2004 , as for these two years [ ... ] rated ÅI one category lower than [ ... ] . Could we useyour washroom to clean her foot ? Okay . For one moment , please . I got it . Here you go . Thanks . Have you had a tetanus shot lately ? I 'm gon na be sick . Excuse me . Esmail , a bandage . Okay . I do n't want to ruin your towel . Here . ( c ) the relevant criteria for certain specific conditions set out in Article 10 and the additional provisions set out in Article 11 ; ( d ) any implementing act adopted in accordance with Article 12 ; ( e ) coherence with recent , pending or planned procedures in other Member States , and possible effects on trade between Member States . The Commission shall also inform the competent authorities of the other Member States of the position it has taken on the draft measure in such a case . I have ! A doctor tells his patient " I have good news and bad news . " They could n't get much further than that in those days .
L316	Now , of course , we 've got controlled recursion and aim - driven folding that effectively reduces collateral boxing to 0.13 percent , a twelvefold improvement in the last year alone ! " " That 's great ! " said Moist , feeling that it was the least he could do . Adora Belle still had a faraway look in her eyes . " She 's very big on golems . " " We were about to fold up for today in any case , " said Ponder . " It wo n't hurt to pick up the Foot on the way . " He took a large megaphone from a bench and held it to his lips . What ? What did n't we see ? It was right under your nose all along , " Doctor " . Three - sided pollen , distinctive furrows ? That 's M. Domestica , otherwise known as the common apple . We need to take apple - pollen samples and we need to do it now . You sit tight . I suggest you do the same . A stroke ... is that what he said ? Yes . Does our father even know what a stroke looks like ? Why are you questioning him ? Because you 're blind . Mind your tone with me . Of course .
L317	It led me to grammar school --an equivalent of high school in America --where I played rugby and worked hard at physics , chemistry and biology . Then I started a five - year professional course in veterinary science at the University of Glasgow in Scotland . Musical Dog THE 1950s saw a tremendous change in animal therapy with the advent of antibiotics and other drugs . At Glasgow we were among the last students to learn how to make pills and powders , and prepare medicines from ingredients whose names suggested mysterious potency --Kamala , Male Fern , Sweet Spirit of Nitre . The university was fine for teaching purposes . So vacations had to be spent doing an apprenticeship , which we called a `` seeing practice . Not on two drinks . It must take five or six or seven . Filter Find Firmware version Firmware Flat Fluorescent Frame Rate Frame Full GPS Power GPS System Relax . I 'm a drunk too . I do n't believe this guy . Did they do AA up where they dried you out ? Yeah , yeah , they tried , but I do n't believe in God . He 'll be crushed when He finds out . Hello ? The physician education pack should contain the Safety Checklist , the Summary of Product Characteristics and Package Leaflet . The Safety Checklist should highlight the following : The risk of teratogenicity and relevant risk minimisation advice :
L318	It is proposed that the additional programmes of the CSFs be abolished , as well as the CSFs themselves as management tools , replacing them with an equivalent strategic instrument for promoting cohesion that is equitable at Community level . In addition , since the practice followed to date , with the 60 - 70 priorities of the old provisions , has been seen to be ineffective , it is proposed that 3 - 4 specific priorities be set for each country , but with the common priority of improving governance . Moreover , in order to take more account of the particularities of the member countries , the European Union could adopt more flexible and decentralised forms of administration , always requiring full transparency and rigour . The proposal to adapt the method of monitoring financial management is particularly significant : rather than monitoring being carried out project - by - project , it would be based on prior signing of a ' confidence pact' setting out the management rules . In this sense the monitoring procedure should take place within a single framework and should be acceptable to all institutions concerned . At the end of the 2007 - 2013 programming period , it is estimated that the gap will reach € 188 billion , the equivalent of one year 's budget .
L319	The discussion must be underpinned by the realisation that the Community budget and financial resources are directly dependent on the degree of economic growth of the Member States and the size of their national GDPs . Therefore the Community budget , by also helping to promote economic growth in the ten new Member States , will pave the way for improving and broadening the base for calculating the EU 's own resources . In effect , strengthening national economies and increasing national GDPs will improve the Community budget by raising Member States ' contributions ( percentage calculation on a broader basis ) . Indeed , it would not be too difficult to assess the extent of the additional growth which each of those 15 countries can expect from the multiple effects of the growth of the new countries and the incorporation of their markets in the Single European Market . In addition , the EESC considers that , in order to ensure that EU resources are distributed in such a way as to meet the basic objective of convergence , priority must be given to the needs of the new Member States , where most of the less developed regions are located and where the process of integration has not yet been completed .
L320	On 13 December 2010 , the Council emphasised the importance of the Presidential election held on 31 October and 28 November 2010 for the return of peace and stability in Côte d'Ivoire and declared it to be imperative that the sovereign wish expressed by the Ivorian people be respected . On 17 December 2010 , the European Council called on all Ivorian leaders , both civilian and military , who have not yet done so , to place themselves under the authority of the democratically elected President , Mr Alassan Ouattara . On 14 January 2011 , the Council adopted Decision 2011/17/CFSP ( 3 ) amending Decision 2010/656/CFSP in order to include additional persons in the list of persons subject to travel restrictions . In view of the seriousness of the situation in Côte d'Ivoire , additional restrictive measures should be imposed against those persons . At 1,850 it 's all over . Help me with this loose valve ! I know , from the graffiti I saw . Wait a second . She 's right . Kryptonite . I remember reading about it in an interview with him . Where does it come from ? The same planet Superman came from : Krypton . Where is Krypton ? It 's nowhere . It blew up in space , years ago . They sent Superman here from there when he was just a baby . I know some things too . Wait a minute . You know what happens when a planet explodes .
L321	Across the river he could see a flood of refugees - scholars , librarians , and students - pouring out of sally ports and over the battlements . There were n't many g'Kek among the fugitives . Nor traeki . Both races appeared doomed to stay within , destined for different fates , both of them unpleasant . She sort of reminds me of me . Others might be doodles I never framed . Renewed my ... ? Renewed your ... Eh , forget it . Oh - ho . ... why do you want to do this now ? Ah , yes . Can you keep a secret ? The firm holds a very strict exclusivity policy . Eric ! Are you ready for our marbles match ? Yes ? " The whole universe is dominated by gravity ; it is the single most compelling factor in the evolution of matter ! " That does seem odd , does n't it ! Range is the key . Official declarations concerning Article 52(3 ) have also added that a reference to the ECHR also relates to the relevant case - law of the European Court of Human Rights . When a natural person ceases to be an IMI user , the personal data relating to that person shall be blocked by technical means for a period of three years .
L322	Those data shall , with the exception of their storage , only be processed for purposes of proof of an information exchange by means of IMI and shall be deleted at the end of the three - year period . Article 16 Processing of special categories of data 1 . The processing of special categories of data referred to in Article 8(1 ) of Directive 95/46/EC and Article 10(1 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 45/2001 by means of IMI shall be allowed only on the basis of a specific ground mentioned in Article 8(2 ) and ( 4 ) of that Directive and Article 10(2 ) of that Regulation and subject to appropriate safeguards provided for in those Articles to ensure the rights of individuals whose personal data are processed . It 's good to see you . Hiya . Look at your lovely suit . Come and see your granny , Cal ? His name 's Calum . His name 's Calum . Do you want a wee drink ? " You Stole The Sun From My Heart . " Come on , I want to see youse all dancing . Hiya . How are you ? Nice to see you . How have you been ? Move ! No , you 're all to blame You disobeyed orders , you deviated from the plan and if Hank had n't left his post , that intruder would have been ours . I was trying to save my wife .
L323	I did get it from my workbook , okay ? It 's a very enlightening chapter , okay ? It 's all about personality types . As Dumbledore pulled him back to his feet , Harry saw the tiny gold statues of the houseelf and the goblin , leading a stunned - looking Cornelius Fudge forward . ` He was there ! ' shouted a scarlet - robed man with a ponytail , who was pointing at a pile of golden rubble on the other side of the hall , where Bellatrix had lain trapped only moments before . Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on 23 December 2010 . delayed action mechanical control Rotary Mech engines engaged disengaged Latching equip interlock Up to what age can a child benefit from a maintenance allowance ? In which cases is the law of Republic of Ireland applicable ? If this law is not applicable , which law will the courts of Ireland apply ? How do I apply for maintenance from this organisation or government department ( central or local ) , and what procedures apply ? If not , which procedures ? If so , how much are they likely to be ? If the financial means of the plaintiff are insufficient , can he / she obtain legal aid to cover the costs of the procedure ? If an allowance is granted how will it be assessed ? How and to whom will the maintenance be paid ?
L324	If the maintenance debtor does n't pay voluntarily , what action can be taken in order to force him / her to pay ? Portugal , that 's Fatima , the apparitions , the Virgin , the shepherds . Which only the Pobe could hear . Poor Canada , in 1960 . Look , we believed it . So they filmed the edifying life of Maria Goretti . Starring ? Ines Orsini . Of course ! The Immortal Ines Orisini ! I saw it at school in Padua with the Jesuits . Me , the Jesuits at Brebeuf . Me , at the Chicoutimi seminary . I 'm using it for back - up , so it has to stay here . Your brothers Richard and Harald joined a Nazi group in the 30 's . You already know about that . That 's where youcome into the picture . It happened the year before Harriet disappeared . Henrik said you were traveling . We were n't allowed to be here when we were kids . You found Harriet 's diary in her dad 's cottage . The diary did n't help us one bit . What about the phone numbers ? They were a complete mystery to us . But 32 is ... 32 could be Hedestad . I 'm retiring this summer . It 's onlynow that I 'm able to let it go .
L325	During these negotiations it was concluded that no additional trade concessions in agriculture , processed agricultural and fishery products would be added to the existing Association Agreement . The attached proposals are for ( 1 ) a Council Decision on the signature and provisional application of the Protocol and ( 2 ) a Council Decision on the conclusion of the Protocol . The text of the protocol negotiated with Lebanon is attached . The Commission requests the Council to adopt the proposed Council Decisions for the signing and conclusion of the Protocol . ANNEX III LABELLING AND PACKAGE LEAFLET Listen , do n't worry . For you , Monsieur . Let me see ... well , yes , the good news is that I got to examine the old woman 's book . and three of her engravings were signed LCF . Otherwise it might have gone up in smoke . Where is it ? Would I be here if I took it ? You should know better by now . I must apologise for my young colleague , Mr. Corso . Ah no , Monsieur . It says we 're not supposed to fraternize with these girls . Here she comes right now - It says so in the memo . Forget memos . These are pretty women coming . Just ... Could you pass the sugar ? Now , I looked at her and she 's just smiling . And , I mean , wh - what is this ?
L326	I do n't know who this girl is to you , Matt , but she 's not who you think she is . I feel bad for you , Matt . Do n't you even think about bringing that little freak to my wedding . I ca n't believe this . Believe it . Why would you want somebody like that in your life , Matt ? She 's a racist . You 're a judgmental asshole . I guess some things never change , right ? What 's this ? It 's Thor 's hammer . Marit eyed him , frustrated . Yet , though she did n't like to admit it , she could not go much farther . Percentage or amount per unit The intervention agency of a Member State may conclude contracts only for products stored on the territory of that Member State . EN Official Journal of the European Union C 217/4 Judgment of the Court ( Eighth Chamber ) of 7 June 2012 ( reference for a preliminary ruling from the Hoge Raad der Nederlanden - Netherlands ) - M.J.
L327	In this case , a corrective amount may be applied to the refund . If , on expiry of the period referred to in paragraph 1 , neither the European Parliament nor the Council has objected to the delegated act , it shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union and shall enter into force on the date stated therein . Without prejudice to paragraphs 1 to 14 , and subject to entry into force of the implementing measures referred to in Article 14 , if a manufacturer so requests , national authorities may not , on grounds relating to the areas of vehicle safety and tyres covered in Articles 5 to 12 : ( a ) refuse to grant EC type - approval or national type - approval for a new type of vehicle or to grant EC component / separate technical unit type - approval for a new type of component or separate technical unit , where such vehicle , component or separate technical unit complies with this Regulation and its implementing measures ; or ( b ) prohibit the registration , sale or entry into service of a new vehicle or prohibit the sale or entry into service of a new component or separate technical unit , where the vehicle , component or separate technical unit concerned complies with this Regulation and its implementing measures . CHAPTER IV IMPLEMENTATION Article 14 Implementing measures 1 .
L328	It is World War ill down there . People are being killed . Those could be Russians . I 'm leaving your father . Please ... stay tonight . Please . What you 're working on , it 's something bad , is n't it ? That 's why you ca n't tell me . I ca n't tell you because it 's a secret . Tell me one good thing that 's a secret . We were a good thing . No , we were n't . Give me up for something I can understand . Your wife or your child or your conscience , something alive . Oh , Robert , I dreamt you 'd gone . No letters , no contact . Carcases eligible for the PGI must have a conformation class on the European scale of between O and U + and a degree of fat cover of between 2 and 4 . Fat cover class Conformation E U + X X X X X X X U X X X X X X X U - X X X X X X X R + X X X X X X X R X X X X X X X R - X X X X X X X O + X X X X X X X O X X X X X X X O - P + P P - Meat from these animals has a firm consistency and is slightly moist with a fine texture .
L329	' Carne de Ávila' must be matured for a minimum of four days . You have lots of time until seven . Vast acres of time , in which you could plant crops . Tell me about Brian and his intentions . Maybe he 's a gigolo . Was his shirt all shiny ? No . He 's a nice , normal guy , OK ? It turned out he did n't know anything about them either , so we had a lot to talk about . So what 's the plan for tonight ? Dinner and then a movie . Or maybe it was a movie and then dinner . Which might be better , because , you know , then we could talk about the movie . And about the restaurant . Do you think it should be one with candles and romantic music , or is that pushing it ? She will give you a bottle of wine . I composed a short opera . Would you like to hear it ? You 'll love it . It 's a comedy . It 's called " The Torturer 's Apprentice " . The curtain rises on a typical torture chamber . A torturer 's apprentice went his merry way to work one day I bend and stretch and ply my trade making people all afraid but business is slack there 's no one on the rack but me . Act four is set in an abattoir ...
L330	We begin with the eunuch 's chorus : Excuse me a moment . You wo n't want to miss this aria . This kid . I want it bad for myself . I want to be able to say I 'm Masterchef . Game on , baby . Bring it . After 32 grueling challenges ... And 97 eliminated contestants ... Jennifer , Adrien ... You 're in the final of Masterchef . America 's two best amateur cooks will face off in their toughest challenge yet . Where 's my spatula ? We began with thousands of home cooks from all across America . Only two remain . Jennifer , the 34-year - old real estate agent , a former miss Delaware U.S.A. I have it in me . I have the passion in me . Ready to go ? Quite ready . Tell you the truth , K - PAX sounds like a beautiful place . Nobody wants , nobody needs . I will miss you , Dr. Powell . Now that you 've found Robert , please take good care of him . Why do n't you get a few hours of rest ? He was sitting right in front of me . Certainly not . You have until tomorrow , 9 a. m. That should be more than enough time . A location . I 'm hungry . What would you like ? Roast , with carrots ... ... and beets . Nothing to start ? A salad . Aged ?
L331	Sachertorte . With . " What 's what ? " Cardones asked quickly . " Those . " The trooper strode past the manager straight toward Cardones . Cardones hurriedly backed up at his approach ; and then the trooper planted himself in the middle of the room and swept a gloved finger over the half dozen cases scattered around . " That 's a hell of a lot of suitcases , " he amplified , his voice darkening with suspicion . " Way too many for two people on a four - day trip . " " Uh . . . well . . . " " Open them , " the trooper said flatly . " All of them . " Cardones threw a helpless look at Sandler , whose eyes were wide with guilty panic . ll right - so I hit the record button , and then you transmit the code . I know . Are you sure we got it right ? ll right ! Everyone cryocrash now and before you know it we 'll be partying like stink . Party like stink , stink , stink ! Look at that ! My baby ! We 're in heredigging and dying ... he 's out there living and flying . Koko , will you stop that ? Let me see the picture . What for ? Come on , Drag , let us see the picture . What you know about it ?
L332	Luke and them broads and all that booze . Come on , let me take a look . It would go to your coconut head . Come on , Drag , be a buddy . A peek at that there picture ? You know , sir , what they 'll do to you if you do n't catch him in time . Now make notes . Get my secretary transferred until further notice . I want a camp bed in here with linen and all the usual including something to wash in and shaving things . Right , sir . Get onto the switchboard . No , nobody . But you , you ... Are you making fun ? ? Mock ? No . But it seems a game . Not mine . But I have to tell you something . She will tell you . I will return . Started within 5 minutes 5 minutes . I do not understand women . A pear wasted . Railey ! Install GB18030 Support on a Microsoft Windows XP Client 15 Enable GB18030 Font Linking 16 Testing IBM Cognos for Microsoft Office 16 Futile and aggressive attempt ... No . Madam Secretary , Mr. Jackson is asking to see you . Already ? I ... You can tell him this : I 'm on page 411 and Uh , no one has , ma'am . Well , who did write it ? Um , Mr. Jackson is calling about something else .
L333	The talks in Vienna have adjourned and you 're wanted right away at the White House . Bollings did n't make the airplane offer ? He said he tried but it was too late . They were so outraged by the notion of foreign inspectors on the ground , he Nev ... No , I 'm not . Okay . Hey . I got ta talk to you guys . Silver , arms up . Yes . Okay . Why you guys being weird to Teddy ? What are you talking about ? He just came out of the closet , guys . That 's a huge deal . Yeah . I love you too . Amen . Hey . If you got a minute , we 'd like to talk to you . No . That 's all . This one ? That one . Hey , baby . Article 8 Confidentiality Unless otherwise decided by the Parties , the meetings of the SPS Sub - Committee shall not be public . When a Party submits information designated as confidential to the SPS Sub - Committee , the other Party shall treat that information as such . Article 9 Agendas for the meetings 1 . The provisional agenda shall include items in respect of which the Secretariat has received a request for inclusion in the agenda by a Party , supported by relevant documents , no later than 21 calendar days before the date of the meeting . You can only die once .
L334	No , he works for me . Then who did ? The Mexican did it . I saw him do it . Juan could n't have done it . I was with him . Yes , he did , Mr. Martin . He does n't know what he 's talking about . He invents things . Lay Off , Mapes ! First he wo n't talk . I 'm talking to you , mister . This Decision concerns legislation regarding feedingstuffs . Legislation regarding feedingstuffs shall not apply to Liechtenstein as long as the application of the Agreement between the European Community and the Swiss Confederation on trade in agricultural products is extended to Liechtenstein , as specified in the sectoral adaptations to Annex I to the EEA Agreement . This Decision is therefore not to apply to Liechtenstein . Directly involved in the terror campaign waged before and during the 2008 elections . Led political violence in Rushinga . Midzi , Amos Bernard ( Mugenva ) Former Minister of Mines and Mining Development ( former Minister of Energy and Power Development ) , born 4.7.1952 . ZANU - PF party Chairman in Harare . 31 . ( 7 ) OJ L 53 , 27.2.2008 , p. ( b ) to facilitate the development of part - time work on a voluntary basis and to contribute to the flexible organi[s]ation of working time in a manner which takes into account the needs of employers and workers.'
L335	Ah . You 're a nice guy , Jim , but have no idea how to vacation . Find some Kenny Loggins . Did I say " Messina ? " It 's so quiet , one might say , you could hear a pin ... I thought that would be cooler . I loved it . Some of us like to work in our bare feet . The following pack sizes are available : 56 inhalation powder , hard capsules and 1 inhaler ( weekly pack ) The Parties shall also endeavour to ensure that their national legal instruments include criteria for sustainable use of the coastal zone . ( e ) Barakat Post Express ( BPE ) , Mogadishu , Somalia . Barakat Refreshment Company , Mogadishu , Somalia ; Dubai , UAE.' The following entry under the heading ' Natural persons' is deleted : Experience from practical testing has shown that the precision of the algal test normally allows a reasonably accurate estimation at the 10 % inhibition level if data points are sufficient - unless stimulation occurs at low concentrations as a confounding factor . Sometimes EC 10 can be difficult to interpret because of growth stimulation . So , while the EC 10 is normally obtainable with a sufficient accuracy , it is also recommended to report always the EC 20 . The foreman , he 's high as a kite , and he has been all along . Well , no . My point is I can read anyone here .
L336	If you 're hiding something , I 'll know it . And yet you never turn that scrutiny on yourself , Dr. Lightman . Why is that ? The real killer has been hiding In plain sight all along . Please . Please step down before I have you arrested . It roared again . " I think they 're waiting for someone , " she said quietly and brought Turner an espresso . Turner looked down at the swirls of brown foam on his coffee . Mister , this is Hypermart . People here do n't call the police . Angie 's cup shattered on the marble counter . " Short and straight , hired man , " the voice whispered . As regards economic protectionism , I find it difficult to see how , in a European Union of 27 , such an objective may be regarded as legitimate and justify an infringement of the principle of non - discrimination . The exceptions to the prohibition of any discrimination based on nationality must be interpreted strictly because they strike at a fundamental right . Well , I think if they wanted to kill them , I think they would have . Bet it 's to eat them .
L337	Prove it . No , Torrey ! One less sodbuster . Ai n't that right , Swede ? All right . Get him outta here . Tell your friends we'il be waiting for any more that come in looking for trouble . You understand that , Swede ? What happened ? The sodbuster tried to kill Wilson . As a result , belatacept blocks CD28 mediated co - stimulation of T cells inhibiting their activation . Activated T cells are the predominant mediators of immunologic response to the transplanted kidney . Belatacept , a modified form of CTLA4-Ig , binds CD80 and CD86 more avidly than the parent CTLA4-Ig molecule from which it is derived . This increased avidity provides a level of immunosuppression that is necessary for preventing immune - mediated allograft failure and dysfunction . Pharmacodynamic effects In a clinical study , approximately 90 % saturation of CD86 receptors on the surface of antigen - presenting cells in the peripheral blood was observed following the initial administration of belatacept . It also seems clear to me that nothing in Article 34 of the Visa Code suggests that the provision is concerned with the situation of a third party appearing as the defendant in criminal proceedings concerning facilitating illegal immigration . Furthermore , I observe in this regard that Article 34 of the Visa Code does not provide that a person other than the visa holder may bring an administrative appeal against any decision to annul that visa .
L338	Name of the intermediate organisation The organisation 's name . F222C : Organisation 's address ( municipality or city ) Special attention will be paid to accompanying programmes and special events during the exposition which will be designed to present contemporary Czech culture in detail . These events will be conceived with the Japanese visitor and our traditional arts in mind . It should be emphasized that the artists , ensembles , and works mentioned in the individual parts of this section are only given for the sake of example and that the final selection will by made by objective means ( professional panels of judges and tenders ) . In this respect , we would like to team up with Supraphon , which has specialized in recordings of Czech classical music for 50 years . A dignified prelude to the Czech presentation at EXPO 2005 could be the Czech Philharmonic 's tour of Japan in autumn 2004 . During the exposition , we would like to involve reputable music ensembles ( e.g. the Prague Symphonic Orchestra , the Czech Radio Orchestra , the PKO , the Pardubice Chamber Orchestra , the Vihan Quartet , the Škamp Quartet ) and soloists ( Magdalena Kožená , Jan Simon , and others ) . b ) Week of Czech Film
L339	A common theme might be Czech films which have received or been nominated for an Academy Award ( Oscar ) - The Shop on Main Street ( Kadár , Klos ) , Closely Observed Trains ( Menzel ) , Kolya ( Svěrák ) , My Sweet Little Village ( Menzel ) , Elementary School ( Svěrák ) and Divided We Fall ( Hřebejk ) . We are also planning on visits by directors , talks at universities , and other accompanying events . We also want to present Czech animated film by traditionally well - known artists ( Jiří Trnka , Břetislav Pojar ) and by the new generation , headed by Aurel Klimt . Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on 23 April 2010 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Okay . Thanks . Since when do you go bowling anyway ? Okay , Brad . Come on ! Who did it ? You 're not gon na tell me , are you ? Okay . It'il just be your secret . Yeah . Come on . You hungry ? Yeah . If Krypton lives again ... ... what happens to Earth ? Even your father recognized that . No , Zod . Zod ! No ! No ! Your father acquitted ... ... himself with honor , Kal . I did . And not a day goes by where it does n't haunt me .
L340	The risk assessment has identified other sources of furfural emissions ( e.g. major contamination from the sulfite pulping processes used in pulp and paper industry ) , than those from the produced or imported chemical . The need to consider if additional risk management is needed can best be considered under Directive 2008/1/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council ( 7 ) and Directive 2000/60/EC , using the information in the comprehensive risk assessment report . Competent authorities in the Member States concerned should lay down , in the permits issued under Council Directive 2008/1/EC , conditions , emission limit values or equivalent parameters or technical measures regarding furfural in order to operate according to the Best Available Techniques ( hereinafter BAT ) taking into account the technical characteristic of the installations concerned , their geographical location and the local environmental conditions . Member States should carefully monitor the implementation of BAT regarding furfural and report any important developments to the Commission in the framework of the exchange of information on BAT . Local emissions to the environment of furfural should , where necessary , be controlled by national rules to ensure that no risk for the environment is expected . No 975/98 of 3 May 1998 on denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation ( OJ L 139 , 11.5.1998 , p. 6 ) 31 March 2013 Amended by : I do n't know if that 's a good idea .
L341	volume Graphical Settings ... All data on the partition will be lost . Windows can not delete the system volume on this disk . All data on the partition will be lost . It 's my guess that 's where the debts came from . Gambling . " The third dose should be administered one month after the second initiation dose . Robin , Angela . Thank you . Can I have one ? Of course , Peter . Thank you , Mrs. Forrest . Peter , call me Aunt Roo . You always spoil them , Mrs. Forrest . Is n't it a shame there is n't a way to make time stand still ? Keeping the children just as they are tonight , preserving their wonderful years , pure and perfect , before the ugliness and evil of the world crushes them . Yes , Albie ? I found these 2 little lost souls wandering around the back , madam . Ca n't get a word out of either of them . Then we should n't tell him . Why ? I swore a vow . Only the living . I know . But I still love her . You know nothing , Jon Snow . Are you lonely ? My father used to tell me that boredom indicates a lack of inner resources . Were you bored a lot , too ? I know Castle Black is no place for a child , but-- I like it .
L342	Charlie ... it 's his own fault he got caught . You think you could do a better job leading this crew ? Maybe . You forgotten what he done for us . Why did n't you say something before ? That 's Apache country . I thought the government gave them land . These are the ones refused to go . I would n't take that pass . Oh , you 'd like us to take the long way ? And let your boys catch us ? What we do next Consumer policy must , however , continue to keep up with developments . Challenges that face consumer policy ... . Such as : ( an ageing population , as well as the need for inclusiveness ( particularly in the context of the information society ) with regard to special needs . These include problems regarding the safety of goods and services , vulnerability to scams and rogue traders ; easy access to essential goods and services . ( combined with the challenges posed to all consumers by more complex and sophisticated modern markets , that allow more choice , but also bring greater risks including crime . ( realising the potential for cross - border shopping by eliminating remaining barriers to the completion of the retail dimension of the internal market . This could be the result of an attempt to compromise your system 's security . It 's 312 - 487 ... 312 - 487 ... what are you doing ?
L343	No , those tattoos were a symbol of our bond as a couple , and now they 're a symbol of our bond as friends . Hurt too much ? I got ta say , Max , I 'm really surprised you called . Hey , do n't worry . I 'm not the type of guy to judge someone over one thing anymore . Uh , just hanging out . Mm - hmm . I finally traded in That old muscle car , and now I 'm rocking a Cherry 2001 p . T. Cruiser . Supporters of Williamson include the British historian David Irving , who was recently jailed in Austria for glorifying the Nazis . But does he deserve everything now hanging over his head ? As a consequence of the views he expressed on Swedish television , he was denied re - entry into the Church , as was promised earlier by Pope Benedict , which is probably just as well . But he was also kicked out of Argentina , where he lived , and is threatened with extradition to Germany , where preparations are made to prosecute him for Holocaust denial . Meanwhile , consider the case of another unappealing man , the Dutch politician Geert Wilders , who was banned last month from entering the United Kingdom , where he had planned to show his short film , entitled Fitna , which describes Islam as a terrorist faith .
L344	The British ban , as well as the impending court case , has actually made Wilders more popular in the Netherlands , where one poll indicated that his populist anti - Muslim party , the PVV , would get 27 seats in parliament if elections were held today . The reason for Wilders' surging popularity , apart from widespread distrust of Muslims , is that he has successfully cultivated an image as a fighter for free speech . The principle of free speech , one of the fundamental rights in liberal democracies , means that we must live with views that we find reprehensible , up to a point . Many democratic countries also have laws against inciting violence or hatred . Some countries , including the Netherlands , even have laws against deliberately insulting people on the grounds of their race or religion . Whichever parent has custody of the child must decide matters which affect the child 's day - to - day living . If one of the parents is prevented from exercising their parental responsibility , the other must exercise it on their own . If the parents live apart , whichever of them lives with the child must exercise parental responsibility . If the parents are unable or unwilling to exercise parental responsibility over their children , can another person be appointed in their place ?
L345	A child is only eligible for adoption if its parents are unknown or if their residence has been unknown for one year or if its parents have agreed before the competent authorities to give their child for adoption or if it has no living parents ( Art . 141 ZZZDR ) . You want Rose to be an orphan ? Do it ! You remember Lynn . Move it ! Get over ! Tell him not to hurt her . I 'll tell him where the money is . Randy is asking you not to hurt her . What is she talking about ? I just want to know where my money is . What money ? The money from the robbery . Your husband and Wyatt were in on it together . He at once wrote a note to my mother and informed her that I had given away all my money , not to Katerina Ivanovna but to Sofya Semyonovna , and referred in a most contemptible way to the ... character of Sofya Semyonovna , that is , hinted at the character of my attitude to Sofya Semyonovna . All this you understand was with the object of dividing me from my mother and sister , by insinuating that I was squandering on unworthy objects the money which they had sent me and which was all they had .
L346	Yesterday evening , before my mother and sister and in his presence , I declared that I had given the money to Katerina Ivanovna for the funeral and not to Sofya Semyonovna and that I had no acquaintance with Sofya Semyonovna and had never seen her before , indeed . At the same time I added that he , Pyotr Petrovitch Luzhin , with all his virtues , was not worth Sofya Semyonovna 's little finger , though he spoke so ill of her . To his question - would I let Sofya Semyonovna sit down beside my sister , I answered that I had already done so that day . Irritated that my mother and sister were unwilling to quarrel with me at his insinuations , he gradually began being unpardonably rude to them . A final rupture took place and he was turned out of the house . Now I beg your special attention : consider : if he had now succeeded in proving that Sofya Semyonovna was a thief , he would have shown to my mother and sister that he was almost right in his suspicions , that he had reason to be angry at my putting my sister on a level with Sofya Semyonovna , that , in attacking me , he was protecting and preserving the honour of my sister , his betrothed . Once the forge burns , that 's it . We'il manage somehow .
L347	What , and haggle over stereo equipment ? I do n't want to say . Zohan , if you ca n't tell your parents , who can you tell ? It 's pleasant , it 's peaceful , no one gets hurt . No , you 're right . You think you can oppress my people , landgrabber ? Why you do this ? The pirana , it looks very painful for you . Moreover , according to the Bundespatentgericht , the registration of abstract colours as trade marks conflicts with the principle of certainty , pursuant to which an application to register a trade mark must enable the protectable subject - matter to be clearly identified . In order to satisfy that requirement , Article 2 of the directive requires the sign in question to be capable of being represented graphically . That requirement is also intended to make it possible to assess the grounds for refusal based on Articles 3 and 4 of the directive and proper use of the trade mark as required by Article 10 . We 'll work it out after the trial . Flynn , what is that about the reward ? If the reporters ask again , deny the whole thing later on . Oh , he 'll see you now . I did n't do as well as I hoped . But , I will , Mr. Flynn . I will . Double , triple , until every cent is paid , I promise .
L348	Orders the Kingdom of Belgium to pay the costs . No , I 'm fine . Eat . Yeah ? Well , we do n't totally understand how it works but the theory we have so far is that the gate creates an artificial wormhole that somehow transfers an energised matter stream in one direction along an extra - dimensional conduit . The air force meteorological people took four minutes to tell .her Chicago was cold but clear and expected to stay that way . Reacher glanced at his watch again . Nine twenty - seven . ' Remember , talk as long as you can , ' Stuyvesant said . They ca n't explain you . They do n't know who you are . They 're worried about that . ' ' Yes , ' Froelich said . ' Specific location ? ' ' Yes , ' she said again . Nine twenty - eight . I 'm coming home . Not just yet . And if He were , would I understand his explanation of death and immortality , of determinism and indeterminism , of determinacy and indeterminacy ? But if it ca n't , it 's God 's fault - if there is a God . " When I was surveying the Sind area in India , I became a Sufi , a Master Sufi . " Nur ed - Din el - Musafir , who is a Sufi , says that I do not understand .
L349	Two , when a Sufi says that he is God , he does not mean that literally . He is saying that he has become one with God , though not God . CE2010087EN.01009001.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union CE 87/90 Wednesday 11 March 2009 Combating climate change P6_TA(2009)0121 European Parliament resolution of 11 March 2009 on an EU strategy for a comprehensive climate change agreement in Copenhagen and the adequate provision of financing for climate change policy 2010/C 87 E/16 The European Parliament , having regard to Article 175 of the EC Treaty , having regard to the climate and energy package adopted by Parliament on 17 December 2008 , in particular its positions on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2003/87/EC so as to improve and extend the greenhouse gas emission allowance trading system of the Community ( 1 ) and on the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council on the effort of Member States to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions to meet the Community 's greenhouse gas emission reduction commitments up to 2020 ( 2 ) , having regard to the Presidency Conclusions of the European Council of 19 and 20 June 2008 and 11 and 12 December 2008 , having regard to its resolution of 4 February 2009 on ' 2050 : The future begins today - Recommendations for the EU 's future integrated policy on climate change'
L350	
L351	
L352	You 're not going crazy . They 're doing this for a reason . Stop fighting . Open your mind . Let go . Listen . Chaotic space ... intersects ours ... at the 18th dimensional gradient . Voyager entered through ... Trimetric fracture ? We must escape , or we'il be destroyed . How do we escape ? in what way ? In situations involving award by a court of a maintenance allowance , a claimant who resides in another country may , where the case falls within the scope of the New York Convention , use the procedure provided for in that Convention and apply to the competent transmitting agency of the country in which he / she is resident . If the claimant lives in a country with which Poland has a bilateral agreement , assistance is given according to the provisions of that agreement . As a rule , these agreements provide for direct application to the Polish court or application to that court through a court of the country which issued the decision . In other cases the application is transmitted through a central government department - most often the Justice Ministry . If so , how can that organisation or government department be contacted ( please give exact names and addresses ) ?
L353	In cases falling within the scope of the New York Convention , the competent transmitting agencies of the foreign countries are indicated in the declarations of those countries annexed to the Convention , which can be found on the Internet . What kind of assistance can the claimant receive from this government department or organisation ? « Maintenance claims - General information | Poland - General information » Last update : 23 - 02 - 2007 ' The word you 're looking for is " lazy " , Sparhawk . ' ' He likes to conserve his energy , ' Sparhawk defended his fellow Pandion . MR . STAINER : Yeah , we know . You 're the one who sold him the motorcycle . A little squirrelly on the corners , but when you got it on a straightaway ... ( IMITATING ENGINE REVVING ) Good night , Lloyd . Good night , Harry . That was awkward . You 're not kidding . That 's where I met Fraida Felcher . She worked at the funeral parlor where they buried Pee - Stain . If I had n't sold that crotch rocket to Pee - Stain , you would n't have a bastard child who 's gon na save your life . Bush club ! ( LAUGHS ) What are you doing , Lloyd ? Bushes like that do n't come along every day . People will start dying by the third . And then we'il discuss this new problem .
L354	And we 're ready to make the prisoner exchange . Will he live ? Just in case . If I ca n't even demonstrate a willingness to trust them Do you want your life to be like that ? You do n't want your life to be like that , Fuser What you want is to fuck in every country in South America Wow . Good thing I did n't wearmy fake doctor 's jacket . That would have been awkward . I 'll haveyou know this is a real doctor 's jacket . I have an interview at a real hospital ... where I 'm gon na get hired and do real doctor stuff . I taught myselfthe toilet . The heat is killing me . I just need air for a second . Uh , Steve , right ? Killerjugs . Whaa - aa - aa ! Oh , yeah ! Mm - hmm . Nine . Where you at with the names ? She said that ? Yeah , she hit me in a e - mail . You and his wife exchange e - mails ? Yeah . What ? It 's when your urine turns white . Okay , new rule : That 's his dad , it 's his dad . Fine . I 'll buy some other coffee . The pen was drained , and the Miskatonic was pumping in at the rate of three hundred liters a minute .
L355	The eel lay at the bottom of the tank , barely covered as the water level slowly climbed . He knelt next to the pen to examine the dark eel . Article 103 Rectification of judgments and orders 1 . You wanna go down this path ? It 's called self - reliance . Because unlike you , Schmidt ... I do n't just throw my money at problems . All I hear is I ca n't use my bathroom because you 're poor . It 's your lucky day . I 'm gon na pay for the plumber . No , I do n't want your charity . Well , you seem very happy using my emergency tools . Do you even know what this is ? Yeah , that 's exactly right . Really , Schmidt ? Yeah , a scissor that you just threw in the turdlet . So at rehearsal , keep an eye out for Hector . In X Island , Robur , a man of immense wealth , had established a shipyard in which he built his aeronef . There he could repair it , and even rebuild it . In his warehouses were materials and provisions of all sorts stored for the fifty inhabitants who lived on the island . When Robur had doubled Cape Horn a few days before his intention had been to regain X Island by crossing the Pacific obliquely .
L356	Specific actions shall be pursued to support island ACP States in their efforts to halt and reverse their increasing vulnerability caused by new and severe economic , social and ecological challenges . Article 96 shall be amended as follows : ( a ) The following paragraph shall be inserted : ' 1a . Before she moved here . He was a brave man . He died before I was born . He died a hero . A hero ? After the Berlin wall fell , he helped her get out . He helped her get free so she and I could start a life here . Did you know my father ? I did ... Once . Perpetrator , male , age 60-plus . Victim-- Female , age 23 . I 'm really sorry about this ... More sorry than you 'll ever know . 0 : Black 0 : Display OK button only . 0 : Normal files . 0 = cell is not protected 0 = density , 1 = distribution 0 A.D. 0 Byte 0 KB 0 badboxes 0 completed to - dos were purged . 0 corresponds to 01/01/1904 An authority which has forwarded information to another authority under paragraph 1 may request that other authority to provide feedback on the follow - up action taken by it on the basis of the information provided .
L357	I know I should n't ask . I mean , no one ever tells us . It is important ? Yes . This is our only war , you see , in here-- beep , beep , bloody beep . And it 's always nonsense , nonsense , nonsense . Yes , we are making sense of it ... and it is important . Take him ! Reckon , given the circumstances , Miss Wallace ... we might now risk first names . What would they do to us if they knew ? Charming . Right . Well , thanks , Tostin . It has before been in a submarine ? - No , Sir . It has experience ? Essentially it was man of ideas , gentleman . I already see . ( a ) the amount per kilogram shown , multiplied by the weight of dry lactic matter contained in 100 kg of product ; and ( b ) the other amount indicated . Okay . Um is there something specific you wanted to talk about ? No . You pick . Well , I 've been thinking about my parents a lot lately , what they 'd think of all this , this place me , sitting here trying to figure out how to use my telekinetic ability ? It 's nothing to be embarrassed about .
L358	Now you have to get used to the idea that you 're special . Richard . When you got taken , you were one of the first black pilots in all of the military . Now you 're part of a different vanguard . I 'm taking him down anyway . Just for fun . How dare you ? The Night Fury would have ... smelled it . They can do that ? Oh , yes . It would have sensed danger and fled . Look at us ! You , this little runt of a ... well , you know what you are . And me , Dagur the Deranged . Who would have ever thought we 'd make such a formidable team ? Not me . That 's for sure . Give it back . 1.0 means the Central Products Classification as set out in Statistical Office of the United Nations , Statistical Papers , Series M , N o 77 , CPC ver 1.0 , 1998 . Those measures ( e.g. need to obtain a licence , universal service obligations , need to obtain recognition of qualifications in regulated sectors and need to pass specific examinations , including language examinations ) , even if not listed , apply in any case to services and service suppliers of Korea .
L359	In accordance with Article 7.1.3 , the list below does not include measures concerning subsidies granted by a Party . The rights and obligations arising from the list below shall have no self - executing effect and thus confer no rights directly to natural or juridical persons . Can I go ahead and do that ? Will anything happen ? You 're gon na cut me off ? Yes , I will . I mean , you are part of the MPAA . They are the people that I 'm ... And then , you 're restricting my opportunity to speak ... It 's like I 'm going kind of into a stat situation here , in a way . At least ... I 'm actually very surprised to hear that I ... could n't actually ... It 's not like we forbade you to speak , ... but every system has its rules , and you have to follow them . But , do I like ... Do I introduce myself individually to each person , and they say : " Hi , I 'm such or such , from such ... " ? No , I 'm afraid we do n't do that . I 'm into gwen stefani . Call me sometime , charlie , maybe we can get together , have dinner and catch up . I'm - I'm sure I do , but ... you know , just in case . Pleasure to meet you , alan . Same here .
L360	I have no frickin ' idea . I 'll tell you who she is ... the grandmother of my children . Hey , if anybody could pull it off , it 'd be you . did you make the call ? They all have pretty names , alan . A credit card ? Where are you planning to swipe it , alan ? All right , all right . I was just ... hoping to get the miles . Where the labelling of a spirit drink indicates the raw material used to produce the ethyl alcohol of agricultural origin , each agricultural alcohol used shall be mentioned in descending order of the quantity used . The term ' blend' , ' blending' or ' blended' may be used only if the spirit drink is a blend of two or more spirit drinks belonging to the same category . These drinks are distinguished only by minor differences in composition due to the method of preparation , the stills employed , the period of maturation or ageing or the geographical area of production . Lead - based capsules or foil may not be used as closing devices for the containers of spirit drinks . The particulars provided for in this Regulation shall be given in one or more official languages of the European Union so as to better inform the consumer , except : the terms in italics in Annex II;the geographical indications registered in Annex III .
L361	Geographical indications The geographical indication identifies a spirit drink as originating in the territory of a country , or a region or locality in that territory , where a given quality , reputation or other characteristic of that spirit drink is essentially attributable to its geographical origin . Registration of a geographical indication An application for registration is submitted to the European Commission by the Member State or third country concerned . These findings were supported by the results of the study on the functioning of the meat market for consumers[27 ] . Protection against imitations by appropriate labelling information at EU level could reduce the risk of misleading consumers . Come on , get up . Get up ! Nick ? Remember ? And I told you you have a daughter . Anna . You remember ? You 're a dad . And she needs you . She needs you to get up and walk out of here . So get up . Get up , Nick . That was close . 4.4 Special warnings and precautions for use Fondaparinux must not be administered intramuscularly . Haemorrhage Fondaparinux should be used with caution in patients who have an increased risk of haemorrhage , such as those with congenital or acquired bleeding disorders ( e.g. platelet count < 50,000/mm3 ) , active ulcerative gastrointestinal disease and recent intracranial haemorrhage or shortly after brain , spinal or ophthalmic surgery and in special patient groups as outlined below .
L362	PCI and risk of guiding catheter thrombus In STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI , the use of fondaparinux prior to and during PCI is not recommended . Fuck that ! I 'm only dealing with you . Former cop . Come on , Luke ! Come on , doggie ! Who the hell was that ? ! There is too much killing going on ! Go after them ! Come on , move your ass ! Go , goddamn it ! I know you love Cyd Charisse . Blair . After everything that happened today ... Maybe a part of me is questioning what I said to you last week . I showed up today for Serena . What you said was right . We need to be on our own , figure out where we go from there . This is n't torturing me . I ca n't be your friend right now . As much as I wish I could . I 'm not . I got to spend a little more time with you . ' The principles and guidelines of good manufacturing practice for veterinary medicinal products referred to in Article 50(f ) shall be adopted by the Commission in the form of a Directive addressed to the Member States . They cut one another I know ! He flew up there and BANG - he fell Then he died You let him throw you You used your hands to bounce back up then summoned Qi energy You were ready to kill
L363	It caused a blood clot ... blocking the blood flow to the coronary arteries resulting in cardiac arrest He pushed me into the pond and tried to drown me How did Yan die ? For this section , where market shares are less than 20 % , please state simply which of the following bands are relevant : 0 to 5 % , 5 to 10 % , 10 to 15 % , 15 to 20 % . For the purpose of answering these questions , market share may be calculated either on the basis of value or volume . Thus , for each answer , total market value / volume must be stated , together with the sales / turnover of each of the parties in question . The source or sources of the information should also be given ( e.g. official statistics , estimates , etc . ) , and where possible , copies should be provided of documents from which information has been taken . We were glad of the anecdote . There are many refugees . - Your son is there with a friend . - Really ? Kurt Gerstein . - Delighted to meet you , Count . - You obtained the audience ? In the current situation , it is unthinkable that the Pope meets a German , especially an officer of the S.S. And the Cardinal ? Go ahead . - You accompany us ?
L364	The Pope , your father and myself we understand the distress of your heart but it overpowers us and it poisons our life . Put yourself there , you will replace my secretary . You will take notes ... and you will understand how the diplomacy works . The Vatican has the largest masterpieces . And no division to defend them . Twenty days ago , the commander S.S. Kapler , required 50 kilos of gold not to depor the Jew community . I wait until you say to me : " Why you do not resign ? " Until now , He has not said anything that the Germans can take as a hostile act . They only think of stealing . - This is Nitzel . - What will you do with them ? Mr. Weizsäcker said to me that the Germans will never leave Monte Cassino . Maybe we should think about having an ethnic baby . Ethnic babies are so beautiful . You 're not serious , are you ? Do I look Indonesian ? I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry sometimes too . I want the child to look exactly like you . That 's too far . Will they hire a private detective to follow the guy ... who says he plays guitar after solving world peace every day ? Exactly . The section " Archives " at this site contains old publications , where the information is no longer complete and updated .
L365	Please send them to our mail - box . Yeah . They had other ideas for me . After the Tangiers , the big corporations took it all over . Prague / London , April 18 , 2007 This is the fourth time that CSA has won this prestigious award , which is given out annually by the Official Airline Guide ( OAG ) - a London - based international air transport organization . He secondly married Anne ( Anna ) , ( 1329 - 1353 ) , daughter of the Count Palatine Rudolph II and they had one son , His first wife was Blanche , 1316 - 1348 ) , daughter of Charles , Count of Valois , a half - sister of Philip VI of France . Leo is in dreamland . You can stick him in the corner and hang doughnuts from his ears . Leo owes you , baby . Now we can really make him pay . You want something nice ? You want to go someplace special , sit in the sun ? I guess it would be nice not to have to worry about money . Forget about bills . I think I wanna get comfortable . That 's why I got my dad 's Continental . ; reigned 605 BC - 562 BC ) , is perhaps the best known ruler of Babylon in the Chaldean Dynasty . Yeah , thanks to Washington State prison logs . This badge says that I can .
L366	TURNER : This offer has to go out tonight . No one goes home until this is done . You lost ? Mark Turner ? That 's right . Leave us . What 's this about ? Who ? You met her at Nell 's Street Coffee House on Monday . That is n't me . I was in D.C. on Monday . Can you prove that ? Certainly can . The Commerce Guilds are preparing for war . There can be no doubt of that . Count Dooku must have made a treaty with them . Now we need that clone army . The senate will never approve the use of clones before the separatists attack . The senate must vote the chancellor emergency powers . He can then approve the creation of an army . Satellite radio . Oh , wow . You got a cute picture too . Oh , yeah . Me and my bubbe . I could talk all day about euthanasia . Do n't get me started . - Maybe we should ... I 'll take that rain check . Business for the businessman . Yeah , you got my number . Okay . - Brass tacks . Yes . Just got a shipment of the dopest dope I 've ever smoked . Hands down , dopest dope I 've ever smoked . It ca n't be . I ca n't handle that .
L367	I found traces of talc in the victim 's mouth . The gloves would have been bloody . They could have his prints or DNA on them . The department has bloodhounds . Call the K-9 unit , have them deploy bloodhounds to search near Powers ' apartment building . The major difficulties and objections to the application of such a principle of interpretation to the Sixth Directive relate to the formulation of the criteria according to which it should operate in that specific domain . In this regard the principles of legal certainty and of the protection of legitimate expectations have to be taken into account . Late . I start my fabulous new job today . I have to play Mephisto . I look forward to seeing you again as Mephisto . It 's thanks to me you 're playing Mephisto again . Certain ministerial circles feared you might revive your old Faust spirit . The spirit of cultural Bolshevism , as it was called . Well , I succeeded in overcoming those fears . I 've only been here a short space , I come with a humility to this place ... ... to find a teacher of vocation who 's held by all in veneration . How pleasant is your courtesy ! Have you looked around ? Take me as your student . I want to study with all my heart . You 've come to the right place . Good luck !
L368	Nice to have you back . Nice to be back . Ah . You 're just in time . The session convenes in a few minutes . Legislation on food additives has already been harmonised at European level . Presently , there are around 330 food additives permitted under the legislation , and requests to allow additional additives or new uses of additives continue to abound . Sufficiently detailed information on the use and properties of the substances concerned is required when evaluating these requests , particularly for decisions that relate to risk management . Harmonising procedures for flavourings and enzymes will make for more streamline authorisation procedures , cutting the cost of updating technical data sheets and of changing labelling . The current legal uncertainty resulting from differences in national legislation on food enzymes is threatening to distort the market for food enzymes and increase the administrative and financial burden in the various Member States . Furthermore , in the absence of a harmonisation initiative , there will continue to be differences in protection levels , owing to the differences between the Member States when it comes to risk perception , safety assessment and legislation on food enzymes . It should not , however , underestimate the possible chemical risks in terms of allergies , toxicity and residual microbiological activity .
L369	Harmonisation of the legislation on flavourings will clearly put the European Union in a stronger position in negotiations with third countries , as the flavourings will have to be entered into the Codex Alimentarius system , not least in order to prevent European companies , SMEs in particular , from being penalised . By creating a uniform and integrated market for flavourings in the EU , the European industry will be able to maintain its leading position as a producer and developer of flavourings . On the other hand , the additional work that will be required to meet the new standards on flavouring labelling should not be underestimated . Convention Services ( part of CPC 87909 ) Jason Bay is the luckiest guy in baseball . Hey , Jerry , this is Mitch . Never talk to my brother that way again . We got your phone number . How I can tie your shoe from inside your mouth ! But you got ta , like , pull it back a little bit . Just a little , just dial it back . All right , roger that , loud and clear . Just like firing a semi - auto . All right . Let 's take another call . We have Nate in Venice . Nate , you 're on the air , what 's up ? Sounds a little soft , bro . Number eight on Texas just fouled one of my boys .
L370	We 're surprised because you never told us anything about your intentions , but we 're happy , because we 're fond of Alex . Say something . Of course ... There 's no water , I 'll get some . It 's wonderful . What are you having ? Me too , a double . Towards San Rafael . I 'm calling because I did n't leave any messages , not to make you worry . Now I realise that 's wrong . She 's 98 and she remembers everything since when she was 5 . Your mother sent the mousse you like , it 's in the fridge . Pick up your shirts from the laundry . It must be the heat , and the long drive . Take it off . Oh , yeah . The free concentration of efavirenz required for 90 to 95 % inhibition of wild type or zidovudine- resistant laboratory and clinical isolates in vitro ranged from 0.46 to 6.8 nM in lymphoblastoid cell lines , peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMCs ) and macrophage / monocyte cultures . Egypt : the case of Ayman Nour ( vote ) At the guy 's retirement , 18 years later , Shrike performs , has the guy sign a card , and presto ! The card is in the tree . The tree grew around the card in 18 years . I mean , that is n't magic . It 's not magic .
L371	It was to look so far that you see 20 years into the past . After Shrike drowned , they never found the body . Jack Wilder , Henley Reeves , Merritt McKinney , and Daniel Atlas . Thank you . Vimes could tell when people were trying to avoid something they really did n't want to say , and it was happening here . ' Is it ? ' he insisted . ' Is this it ? ' Could be ? What sort of answer is that ? ' said Vimes . YOU SEE , YOU ARE HAVING A NEAR DEATH EXPERIENCE , WHICH INESCAPABLY MEANS THAT I MUST UNDERGO A NEAR VIMES EXPERIENCE . Got it . It 's always nice when someone keeps a place up to code . Looks like the others from Simek 's house . Could be the weapon used to kill Ensign Wilt . Maybe Brad was telling the truth when he said he did n't do it . Brad gives the knife to Samar , Samar does the dirty work . Lost boys ... Federal agents ! You all right ? You 're safe . Come on out . Gun . What 's your name , son ? SP Feb 2009 COM Jan 2009 n.a . And thank you , Nancy Bannister , for puttin up with such a long - winded old broad as me . How your fingers holdin out ? Are they ?
L372	That 's good , because it 's late and I 'm tired . I 've been workin my whole life , but I ca n't remember ever bein as tired as I am right now . I was out hangin laundry yest'y mornin―it seems like six years ago , but it was only yest'y―and Vera was havin one of her bright days . That 's why it was all so unexpected , and partly why I got so flustered . When she had her bright days she sometimes got bitchy , but that was the first n last time she got crazy . So I was down below in the side yard and she was up above in her wheelchair , supervisin the operation the way she liked to do . Six pins on every last one of those sheets ! Do n't you try to get away with just four , because I 'm watching ! " " Yeah , " I says , " I know , and I bet you only wish it was forty degrees colder and a twenty - knot gale blowin . " " What ? " she caws down at me . Point 2 of the text relating to Japan is replaced by the following : ( b ) fabrics painted with designs ( other than painted canvas being theatrical scenery , studio backcloths or the like ) ;
L373	You can create a template to use as the basis for creating new text documents . You can create an outline of your data and group rows and columns together so that you can collapse and expand the groups with a single click . You can create and edit drawing objects using the keyboard . You can create as many user - defined indexes as you want . You can create custom slide shows to meet the needs of your audience using slides within the current presentation . You can create duplicate or multiple copies of an object . The copies can be identical or can differ in size , color , orientation and location . You can create simple 3D objects such as cubes , spheres , and cylinders in $ [ officename ] Draw and even modify the light source of the objects . You can create the report as a static or dynamic report . When you open a dynamic report , it will display with the current data contents . When you open a static report , it will always display the same data from the time when the static report was created . You can cross - reference most objects in your document , such as graphics , drawing objects , OLE objects , and tables , so long as they have a caption . To add a caption to an object , select the object , and then choose Insert - Caption .
L374	Defendant : Republic of Austria ( represented by : E. Riedl , acting as Agent ) Re : Failure of a Member State to fulfil obligations - Failure to have adopted within the period prescribed all the provisions necessary to transpose Directive 2003/4/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 28 January 2003 on public access to environmental information and repealing Council Directive 90/313/EEC ( OJ 2003 L 41 , p. 26 ) Operative part of the judgment The Court : By not adopting within the period prescribed all the laws , regulations and administrative provisions necessary to transpose Directive 2003/4/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 28 January 2003 on public access to environmental information and repealing Council Directive 90/313/EEC , the Republic of Austria has failed to fulfil its obligations under that directive . Order the Republic of Austria to pay the costs . Omega Rho 's all bluebloods and jocks . Miles was a computer guy , and by all accounts , nerds are pretty cool these days , right ? So why join that ? He 's got no family , no friends his own age , he sees a close - knit group of guys , he wants to be a part of it . By pretending to be something he was n't ? Hey , everybody wants to fit in , right ? Hey . Detective Burns . Hey . Wells . I hear Vice is looking for volunteers ... undercover sting .
L375	Caught and twisted -- corkscrewed in the mazes of the line , loose harpoons and lances , with all their bristling barbs and points , came flashing and dripping up to the chocks in the bows of Ahab 's boat . Seizing the boat - knife , he critically reached within -- through -- and then , without -- the rays of steel ; dragged in the line beyond , passed it , inboard , to the bowsman , and then , twice sundering the rope near the chocks -- dropped the intercepted fagot of steel into the sea ; and was all fast again . But the Bene Gesserit allowed no outsiders into their archives , not even the Emperor himself . Hence there was n't much on which even a Mentat could base his calculations . De Vries could only guess at the arriving witch 's intentions . THE BENE GESSERIT liked to manipulate politics and societies in secret , so that few people could trace the exact patterns of influence . Nevertheless , the Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam knew how to plan and execute a spectacular entrance .
L376	Cape Verde shall inform its competent monitoring services ( CMS ) in order that EU vessels are not considered by the Cape Verdean FMC to be in violation of their obligations for not transmitting ERS data owing to a failure in one of the FMCs . Planned maintenance of an FMC ( maintenance programme ) which may affect the exchange of ERS data must be notified at least 72 hours in advance to the other FMC , indicating , where possible , the date and duration of the maintenance work . Information on unplanned maintenance work shall be sent to the other FMC as soon as possible . Two blackbirds is imminent death . What a twit he English ? Go look . Look at me ! Talk to you , Mr. Olaffsen , senior project coordinator " New Earth " . Good morning , gentlemen . Rise ! I declare that the project started " New Earth " which is the result of abolish the death penalty in all countries and the impossibility of holding in custody , such a large number of victims . Prisons are overcrowded . From today you are colonists and you will live under protection . Food should be enough three months . ( 3 ) OJ L 248 , 16.9.2002 , p. 1 . For the purposes of paragraph 9 , insurance or reinsurance undertakings may use statistical methods to monitor the value of the property and to identify property that needs revaluation .
L377	I think $ 12 million is far above market value - for a ship Rozen . I think we need down to under five million dollars . I repeat . We must go down to less than five million before we can talk seriously . And I think you seem very professional all . I 'm not a pirate . You will not speak to me like I 'm one of them . That was the best day of my life . So this is probably the worst . Dad . What ? The truth . I did get diagnosed as soon as possible , but it was too late . You know , it , it could be years . How long really ? Weeks , I 'm afraid . Yeah . What happened ? A performance guarantee may be required by the contracting authority for an amount set in the tender file and corresponding to between 5 and 10 % of the total value of the contract . However , a performance guarantee shall be required where the following thresholds are exceeded : ( i ) EUR 345 000 for works contracts ; OK . Tony needs me for something . Come do it now . Stop bugging me . l'il get it to you . Fine . He'il be fine . Hey . How was the interview ? Fine . What 's up , Dad ? How ... how do ... Yeah . I 've already raised the money .
L378	Those are people in there . Those are dead bodies . A.J. Do n't even think about it . It 's a room full of Corpses . All that In your face . Is that why you 've missed class so much ? I had things to do . About this . The evaluation assignment Was to grade yourself on the work you 're doing . Oh , really ? This is a " Fuck you " to me , and everyone in this class ! We 're all of us up against something . Until you finish the work . I see who you are . I can see you . And you are not failing . EPSU has continued to monitor actions by its affiliates that focus on improving the level of pay of lower paid workers or to protect against wage dumping through outsourcing and sub- contracting . P6_TC1-COD(2005)0087 Position of the European Parliament adopted at first reading on 13 December 2005 with a view to the adoption of Regulation ( EC ) No ... /2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1592/2002 as regards the term of office of the Executive Director and the Directors of the European Aviation Safety Agency ( Text with EEA relevance )
L379	THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND THE COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN UNION , Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , and in particular Article 80(2 ) thereof , Having regard to the proposal from the Commission , Having regard to the opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee ( 1 ) , Having regard to the opinion of the Committee of the Regions ( 1 ) , Acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 251 of the Treaty ( 2 ) , Whereas : It is necessary to harmonise the rules on the conditions and procedures applicable to extending the term of office of the Director , Deputy Director or President , as appropriate , of certain Community agencies . Provision should be made for the Executive Director of the European Aviation Safety Agency to be appointed on a proposal from the Commission , after hearing the opinion of the representative appointed by the European Parliament . Provision should be made to extend this term of office once , after suitable evaluation and after hearing the opinion of the representative appointed by the European Parliament . The Advisory Board shall at the request of the Executive Director advise him / her in the performance of his / her duties under this Regulation . Article 173(2)(a ) to ( e ) Article 17(6 )
L380	4.4 However , even more important than the short - term economic impact is the medium - term economic impact on other air transport markets . The economic benefits of open international aviation markets have been clearly identified in a study conducted on behalf of the European Commission on the economic impact of an EU - US Open Aviation Area.[8 ] Released from the existing restrictions on the number of weekly flights and flight routes , air traffic is likely to increase . With open market access , airlines will be able to take advantage of new market opportunities and offer air services on the routes where their customers demand it . Cross - border investment flows will bring further efficiency gains . 4.4 However , even more important than the short - term economic impact is the medium - term economic impact on other air transport markets . The economic benefits of open international aviation markets have been clearly identified in a study conducted on behalf of the European Commission on the economic impact of an EU - US Open Aviation Area.[8 ] Released from the existing restrictions on the number of weekly flights and flight routes , air traffic is likely to increase . Ginger tea ? My Aunt Adele 's cure for the common cold . It 's some damn virus they sicked on me . Did he have anything to say about this attack ? The same old story for the Cardassians .
L381	He had once reduced Chang to a state of catalepsis by describing an avenue in Brooklyn that was lined with fried chicken establishments for miles , all of them ripoffs of Kentucky Fried Chicken . Miss Pao , who had grown up in Austin , Texas , was less easily impressed by these legends . Word of their arrival preceded them ; their bucket already rested upon the table . The small plastic cups of gravy , coleslaw , potatoes , and so on had been carefully arranged . As usual , the bucket was placed squarely in front of Chang 's seat , for he would be responsible for consumption of most of it . They ate in silence for a few minutes , communicating through eye contact and other subtleties , then spent several minutes exchanging polite formal chatter . " The name has come before our court twice before , " Miss Pao said , and refreshed his memory of two previous cases : one , almost five years ago , in which this woman 's lover had been executed , and the second , only a few months ago , a case quite similar to this one . We can see France . The King of France . Oh , here 's trouble ! Demonstrate commitment to and practice of continuous improvement Target audience : Customers Comparisons or comparative assertions intended to be disclosed to the public :
L382	G Company Ltd. Review procedure : Chickens . Wait . It 's been proven now that birds ' ancestors all had fused clavicles ... ... and well developed furcula . You 're saying birds descended from dinosaurs . That 's pretty cool . All right , who wants to see an Allosaurus ? This way . You are doing wonderfully , Mr. B. He 's one surprise after another . You should see my beat on the woolly mammoth . Really butter your muffin . I alone have fathomed the Master 's great design . I alone am worthy to enjoy the fruits of that discovery : Give it back to me . You have at least some idea of what this book can do in the right hands , yet you lend yourself to these farcical proceedings , these orgies of aging flesh conducted in the Master 's name . You 're a charlatan ! Let it be . You 're off the hook . I 'm ecstatic . You 're out of a job . What more do you want ? 8 Even back in January , there were any number of reasons Roy Hepburn should not have signed up for that cruise . It was n't evident then that a world economic crisis was coming , and that the people of Ecuador would be starving when the ship was supposed to sail . But there was the matter of Mary 's job .
L383	Little did she know . She and Roy had n't been out of the United States during their entire marriage . If they were going to kick up their heels and take a really glamorous trip , she thought , she would much rather go to Africa , where the wildlife was so much more thrilling , and the survival schemes were so much more dangerous . In relation to audit provisions the means employed by the Commission and the Member States shall vary according to the size of the Community contribution . The same principle shall apply to provisions on evaluation and to the reports on multiannual and annual programmes . Article 9 Implementation methods 1 . 32 ) by the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and the Council amending Directive 2009/65/EC on the coordination of laws , regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities ( UCITS ) as regards depositary functions , remuneration policies and sanctions , COM(2012 ) 350 final ( hereinafter the ' proposed UCITS V directive' ) . Article 3 of Directive 98/5 concerns solely the right of establishment in a Member State in order to practise the profession of lawyer under the professional title obtained in the home Member State . That provision does not regulate access to the profession of lawyer nor the practice of that profession under the professional title issued in the host Member State . ( see paras 56 - 59 , operative part 2 )
L384	Thank you . The ribs are good . I 'm not going home now . One of my best friends , Kyle Strait , is always making fun of me that I love crashing , and , clearly , I do n't . There 's something gratifying about taking that kind of a beating and just being able to continue on . When I found that jump , I made up my mind pretty much right away that I wanted to flip it the first try so that when I landed on a flip you would clearly see that that 's the first time it 's been hit . I think we 're ready . About as ready as I'il ever be , buddy . The places we 're riding right now , like , there 's just no comparison . I do n't really know how to explain it . Just complete freedom , like you try whatever you want . Last day in the Gobi . It 's just opened my eyes to so many other locations I want to take it to , and I really hope that this is n't the end , and it 's just the beginning . Yeah , Wu . Yeah , I stabbed him . Myower . But the thing that really mattered ... Was already gone . I 'm sorry that I killed jacob . I am . Then what do you want ? Just ... Let me leave . Where will you go ?
L385	Why ? because he 's the only one that 'll have me . I 'll have you . I was just coming by to thank principal reynolds . The courtiers sniggered , dustily . " And I , " de Carabas told the jester , with a blinding smile , " call myself the marquis de Carabas . " " De Carabas the thief ? " asked the jester . " De Carabas the bodysnatcher ? De Carabas the traitor ? " He turned to the courtiers around them . " But this can not be de Carabas . For why ? Because de Carabas has long since been banished from the earl 's presence . The courtiers tittered uneasily , and a low buzz of troubled conversation began . " I am called Hunter , " said Hunter to the jester . The jester opened his mouth , as if he were going to say something , and then he looked at her , and he closed his mouth again . The jester stared at the trailing toes of his shoes . I do n't like cellars . An animal ? There 's something down there . Probably just some animal . Cheryl , why do n't you go down and check , make sure ? Be careful . Scotty ! Scott ! Scott ! Linda , get me a flashlight . Then get the lantern . Hey , you . John . It was two against one .
L386	Thanks . Bye . Pete send you after me ? I swear , one day he thinks I 'll just ... ... run off too . Men . Max Ballister is a hero . He gave his life in the line of duty with courage and conviction . His loss will forever be remembered by everyone . Simon , the police say it was a random gang shooting . They may never know who did it . Someone murdered Max . If you come by the house , I have copies of the police reports ... ... they would release to me . Yo . Hello . I have a few apartments available upstairs . Can I see the room ? Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities . Conditions of employment of other servants of the European Communities . Proceeds from the special levy on the salaries of members of the institutions , officials and other servants in active employment Budget 2005 Amending budget No . 2 New amount Legal basis Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities .
L387	The titles of all other Acts are printed in bold type and preceded by an asterisk . I Legislative acts BUDGETS EN Official Journal of the European Union L 206/1 DEFINITIVE ADOPTION of amending budget No 2 of the European Union for the financial year 2010 ( 2010/421/EU , Euratom ) How to use Neulasta An invitation to tender for the export refund on rice was issued pursuant to Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 2032/2004 ( 2 ) . Generally , when I make chicken , But it is a joyful kind . A blessing for her . See is what you need to getting married 44 years , the kiss . He was blaming himself , Fran thought miserably , blaming himself for something that was no more his fault than a thunderstorm would have been . She would have liked to have told him so , partly because he needed to be scolded for his self - indulgence and partly because she loved him . This latter was a fact she could no longer conceal from herself . She thought she could convince him that Peri 's death was n't his fault . . . but the convincing would entail showing him what her own true feelings were . Unfortunately , Harold would be able to see it , too . She thought she would have to do it soon , Harold or no Harold . Then he would have to know . . . and either accept or not accept .
L388	A decision like that could lead to something horrible . They were , after all , carrying a lot of shooting irons . " The boy is alive . You 're sure of that . " " Yes . " Parkus and Sophie speak together . " And where is Burnside now ? That information might speed things up a bit . " " I do n't know , " Parkus says . " Christ , if you know who he was - " " That was the fingerprints , " Parkus says . " The fingerprints on the telephone . Your first real idea about the case . You have the Burnside name . That should be enough . " Wisconsin State Police , FBI , VICAP , database : these terms come out in good old American English , and in this place they sound unpleasant and foreign to Jack 's ear . " How do you know all that ? " Appropriations 2013 Appropriations 2012 Outturn 2011 Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover the expenditure in conformity with Article 5(a ) to ( d ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1290/2005 .
L389	I am thinking of the lady we saw We will meet later By becoming a Sanyasin ( a monk ) Shankara decides to renounce the world to become a monk Mother , I want to become a monk See , the milk is dripping . Wipe your mouth Mother , I want to become a monk . The Commission also advises the Minister on any matter relating to the organisation and administration of justice and formulates codes of ethics regulating the conduct of members of the judiciary , after consultation with the Committee for Advocates and Legal Procurators . The Commission has the right to exercise discipline according to law over advocates and legal procurators practising their profession . Notaries Notaries are public officers charged to receive acts done by any person during his / her lifetime ( inter vivos ) and wills , and to attribute public faith thereto . As a result of such obligation and duty , they are also responsible for the custody of these same documents and may issue copies of these documents . Chapter 55 of the Laws of Malta ( Notarial Profession and Notarial Archives Act ) delineates what other powers and functions a notary has .
L390	Notaries take before the Court of Appeal an oath of allegiance and an oath of office prior to commencing the practice of this profession . The Notarial profession is governed by a Notarial College , composed of all notaries , governed by a Notarial Council whose members are elected annually from the members of the College . The supervision over all Notaries , Notarial archives and the Public Registry is exercised by a special court called the " Court of Revision of Notarial Acts " . This Court is composed of members appointed by the Minister from amongst retired judges and magistrates and from among advocates and notaries public . The Court , whenever it considers it to be expedient may without giving notice visit and inspect the Archives , the Public Registry or the office of any notary . Sit down . Premium Fine Paper Assuming an EEA - wide market for premium fine paper in general ( tracing paper excluded ) , Arjowiggins' market share in 2007 was [ 20 - 30 ] % by volume . Storslatte . You 're handsome . Thank you , Thor . But ... why ? Why ? Why did you save me ? Come and see . The lord , holy and true , has saved you , Reverend , not me . To judge and avenge in the name of the dissipated , a great sword is given unto you . Let the twins out to play when they needed some company ...
L391	She was the one to say , " it 's all right , Mickey , it 's all right . " To Nell ! Paragraphs 1 , 2 and 3 shall apply subject to Articles 4 , 6 and 7 of this Protocol . Article 2 Financial contribution - Methods of payment 1 . The single financial contribution referred to in Article 7 of the Agreement shall be EUR 400.000 per year . Did he call you again ? So does he Want you to record an album or something ? He wanted me to Work with Damonand Poyser , whoever those people are . What 'd you say ? I told him no . Because of your pops ? No . It 's you , me and Malik . That 's it . Package deal . I do n't Wannakeep you from your dreams , all right ? Jesus , Victor ! Yeah , well , he I read somewhere that Coca - Cola pays you over 100,000 to put their logo on your door . You read that ? That same article mentioned that Budweiser pays you over 100,000 to put their logo on your trunk . Oh , no , no , Daisy , this race here is for charity . Really ? Which one ? Spinal bifida . It 's one of the bifidas . Have I told you that you 're as purty as a Hazzard County sunset ? Have a good day , Mr. Prickett .
L392	Moreover , it submits that there is an infringement of Article 24(2 ) of Regulation No 4253/88 ( 1 ) , as the conditions for reduction are not satisfied . It also submits that the departures from the indicative financing plan do not constitute a significant change of the program . Even if there were a significant change of the program , the applicant submits that the Commission previously agreed to a flexible application of the indicative financing plans by virtue of its Guidelines for the financial closure of operational measures ( 1994 - 1999 ) from the Structural Funds ( SEK ( 1999 ) 1316 ) . On the assumption that the conditions for a reduction are satisfied , the applicant complains that the defendant failed to use its discretion in relation to the specific program . The Commission should have considered whether a reduction of the ERDF assistance was proportionate . His laptop 's gone . Then it 's probably gone . He said he needed to edit it . What would he talk about ? Sorry , Nick ... I never saw it . Nick , wait ... You should make one . God , you 're one - track - minded . Stop . What are those ? puffins . It was ? pretty good . show lease - Displays the lease duration for the clients . To display the current lease duration settings for the multicast scope .
L393	Lower part of the bogies of powered units unable to pass over marshalling humps and rail brakes . Gauge of the vehicles able to run on lines individuated in Jtt ( technical specifications related to Finnish Railway 's safety standards ) , where the obstacle gauge has been accordingly widened . FIN1/Appendix B1 Increase of the minimum height of the lower part of the vehicle able to pass over marshalling humps and rail brakes The height of the lower part of vehicles should be increased by E as and E au so that : if the vehicle runs on the top of a hump , no part between bogie pivots or between end axles could penetrate the running surface of a hump the vertical curvature radius of which is 250 m ; if the vehicle runs in the concavity of the hump , no part beyond bogie pivots or beyond end axles could penetrate the gauge of rail brakes of a concavity the vertical curvature radius of which is 300 m.
L394	The Guidelines further provide that , depending on the circumstances , account should be taken , once the above calculations have been made , of certain objective factors such as a specific economic context , any economic or financial benefit derived by the offenders , the specific characteristics of the undertakings in question and their real ability to pay in a specific social context , and that the fines should be adjusted accordingly ( Section 5(b)).' Let 's go before they 're finished with whatever the hell they 're doing . When are we gon na get to eat ? Hey , what 's so funny ? It 's his first time on this side . Fuck , man . Come on , man . Fuck . What ? So they have the keychain . Okay . Have you called the police ? Slept in the same bed . If I can have everyone 's attention , please . Her car 's still here . Go back in the party . I 'll find her . Your votes have been counted and your Winter King and Queen are ... And your Queen is ... So , how does it feel to be Winter King and Queen ? Callie ? I want to thank everyone who voted for me and just say from the bottom of my heart , how thrilled I am to be your Winter Queen . - What 's going on in here ?
L395	Coming up next , Twenty - One ... starring master of ceremonies Jack Barry ! Damn it ! - riding on each point ... as they Both play Twenty - One ! to the card game , Twenty - one . Remember , the questions on Twenty - One are secured ... each week in a Manhattan bank vault till just before show time . I 'm sensing a real distance growing between you and Jane . Hi . Welcome to the neighborhood . -it 's just a little something from our garden . Welcome to the neighborhood . This is my partner-- -Jim Berkley , but call me J.B. You are a total prostitute . He 's a total lunatic . I mean , he did n't even , like , Look at me once . Buddy ! Elistan strode up to the kender , his palm outstretched . " Yes , you were . . . . My mace , please , " he reminded Tas . " Oh , this ? " Tas asked , pulling the mace from his pack , where he 'd obviously placed it for safe - keeping . " Yes , well , I was talking about something else . The kender 's voice hushed , the room became strangely , uncomfortably quiet . Tasslehoff crept slowly toward the center , cocking his head from side to side . As if frozen , we all stood watching him .
L396	All eyes turned to me as if I should somehow know the source of the strange noise . I reached up to pull down my fur hood so that I could hear better , when Derek bellowed in sudden fury , his sword flashing from its sheath . Before any of us had time to comprehend what was happening , the room exploded into snarling , screaming chaos . He knew I was a med student , so he sent me in while he radioed for a medevac . Yeah . But some time after , I learned that goney was some seaman 's name for albatross . For neither had I then read the Rhyme , nor knew the bird to be an albatross . Yet , in saying this , I do but indirectly burnish a little brighter the noble merit of the poem and the poet . That might not be as soon as he thinks , though- usable rock is getting hard to find . I 've broken all my nails trying to pry out pieces we could use . But I agree with Roddie that we ought to finish that wall and I sleep a lot sounder now that he is running the watch and I 'll sleep sounder yet when that wall is tight and the pincushion back of it finished . It is not as if we had them to spare , bless their silly little hearts .
L397	Hizzoner talks about making papyrus like the Egyptians but I 'll believe it when I see it . " Aug 5- I was sergeant of the guard last night and Roddie was awake practically all night . I turned in after breakfast and slept until late afternoon- when I woke up there was Roddie , red - eyed and cross , yelling for more rocks and more firewood . Sometimes Roddie is a little hard to take . " Aug 9- the salt lick Alice found is closer than the one Shorty found last week , but not as good . " Aug 14- Jackie finally made up her mind to marry Jim and I think Roddie is flabbergasted- but I could have told him a month ago . Roddie is stupid about such things . Of course , it would suck if he found out You were still lurking around . I called you hours ago ! I -- I came as fast as I could . What 's going on ? Upset . Klaus on recorder : No , luv , I do n't believe it is . I think it's-- I think it 's Some kind of mind control . I think he 's erasing my memory ! Yes ? Um , we will talk about this later . So , this is the first draft of Mendeleev 's periodic table . You can see the date , 17th February 1869 . And it 's in his handwriting .
L398	Now you can see some familiar groups , like alkali metals , halogens . It 's not like the periodic table that I would be familiar with , it 's the other way round . But it 's remarkable that this is the foundations of the modern periodic table . It started here . ' Mendeleev 's first draft was n't perfect . ' To make his table work , he had to do something astonishing . In the judgment under appeal , the General Court dismissed the application brought by the Appellant for , in essence , the annulment of Commission Decision 2009/609/EC of 4 June 2008 on the State aid C 41/05 awarded by Hungary through Power Purchase Agreements and , in the alternative , the annulment of Articles 2 and 5 of that decision . By its first plea , the Appellant respectfully contests the General Court 's assessment in concluding that the Power Purchase Agreement ( PPA ) could be classified as new aid without determining beforehand whether the PPA constituted State aid at all within Article 107(1 ) TFEU . By its second plea , the Appellant respectfully contests the General Court 's conclusion that the Commission had not erred in finding that the time of Hungary 's accession to the EU was the appropriate reference period for characterising a measure as State aid in accordance with the criteria laid down in Article 107(1 ) TFEU .
L399	The General Court errs in concluding that an advantage had been conferred when i ) Magyar Villamos Művek ( MVM ) had acted as a private investor in concluding the PPA as a preparatory measure to facilitate the privatisation of Dunamenti , and ( ii ) in any event , even if the PPA had conveyed any advantage ( which the Appellant rejects ) , this was repaid through the sale of Dunamenti . By its fourth plea , the Appellant respectfully contests the General Court 's assessment of the risk stemming from MVM 's binding minimum off - take obligation . The General Court errs in law in deducing the existence of an advantage from MVM 's binding minimum off - take obligation without proving the existence of a structural risk . The General Court commits an error in law in upholding the methodology prescribed in that it defined the amounts to be recovered as a difference in revenue and not as a difference in profits since this difference could lead to challenge the mere existence of a State aid . Role of the Guidelines The Guidelines propose a methodology for the assessment that is not exhaustive and will need to be adapted to the needs of each Member State . They should be seen as a common starting point and foster a common understanding of the elements that the national risk management capability assessment should include .
L400	The assessment of the risk management capability could be summarised with the help of the template outlined in Section 5 , which was designed to provide a brief overview of the self - assessment of the disaster risk management capability . The .Net Data Odbc Provider does not support CommandType . TableDirect . Can not find constraint { 0}. Let 's go . Come on , move on out . Come on . One way or the other . The yellow wires are on the phone circuit . There are 10 more than I expected . Now . Open it . Open it . Open it ! Take it easy . Ca n't you see he 's scared ? Open it ! No , I 'm saying it 's incomplete . There 's no chemical breakdown . There 's no broadband chart analysis . That information is n't available at this time . This information was promised me two months ago . This is a routine analysis of the atmosphere . Why should I-- It 's blind to certain trace gases . It lost a solar panel . Look , here 's my problem . I 've devoted my sabbatical to greenhouse trace gases . You know what the problem is with you two ? We are nothing alike . We are nothing alike . Okay , fine , you kids want a plan ? Here is the plan . How 's that for a plan ?
L401	Save the tears for the police . Can you just for one minute ... Nice , Meg . Thank you . Or maybe the other me has a little more going on upstairs . Just feels like something ... Is missing ? || Analytical TAC Article 3 of Regulation ( EC ) No 847/96 does not apply . Article 4 of Regulation ( EC ) No 847/96 does not apply . || pm MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION B7 - 0415/2014 Adopted ( P7_TA(2014)0459 ) ( Motion for a resolution B7 - 0434/2014 fell . ) But not for much longer . Do you miss your mom ? Everyday . I do n't remember my mom . Sometimes I think it 'd be easier not to remember . European Commission - European Judicial Network - Maintenance claims - Netherlands THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 06 - 08 - 2007 Maintenance claims - Netherlands TABLE OF CONTENTS What do the concepts " maintenance " and " maintenance obligation " cover according to the law of the Netherlands ? Up to what age can a child benefit from a maintenance allowance ?
L402	You got ta take that . Hey , Leavitt , hold on ! Do n't do it ! If the answers are in the affirmative : can the protection accorded to the free movement of goods preclude , in the abovementioned cases , exercise of the distribution right if the items presented are not under copyright protection in the Member State in which they were manufactured and placed on the market ? NB : SEE ALSO 7A105 . For equipment specially designed for military use , see Military Goods Controls . So , we try to make them aware of the fact that other famous child prodigies shared similar problems . It makes them comfortable to know that they 're not that different . These kids are about to find out that Chopin was almost crippled by shyness and used his music to overcome it . Excuse me , Dr. Seaton , that little blonde girl keeps staring at the mirror as if she sees us . Yeah . That seems to be one of her dubious talents , making people believe things . Has she ever con-- Reasonably well - balanced , extremely intelligent , Who are you ? My friends are here . Has harold ever talked about taking action against the government ? Mrs. Clark ? He complained , you know , like everyone else about taxes and the economy . So you did not know that he was going to go do this today ? No . No .
L403	You 're damn right he 's pissed . They took his family farm . Three generations , they had it . Ma'am , it 's not a huge leap from anger to violence . Domestic species Other Weighing 50 kg or more : Domestic species : Vic boomed into the mike : ' The King and Queen of the 1979 Spring Ball - Tommy ROSS and Carrie WHITE ' Indeed , any healthy behavior that makes you feel better is worth trying , whether it 's listening to music or soaking in a bubble bath . Some women say sexual intercourse alleviates their symptoms . PMS support groups led by a trained therapist also may help . Medication can prove helpful for the rare cases of severe PMS called Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder , a debilitating depressive condition so disabling that women can not carry on usual activities . For thousands of years , women have struggled with PMS -- and had little relief . Nearly 2600 years ago the Greek poet Semonides wrote of his wife : " She has two different sorts of mood . The EU 's financial rules would require recovery of these amounts of money . More Regional Competitiveness and Employment Objective This is one of the three priority objectives under European Cohesion Policy for 2007 - 13 . It will be financed by the European Regional Development Fund ( ERDF ) and the European Social Fund ( ESF ) .
L404	Its goal is to promote the exchange of good practices between Europe 's regions as a way of boosting innovative activity . The initiative will help Regional Policy to support the EU 's strategic goals of boosting growth and jobs across Europe . More Regulations Regulations are the strongest form of EU legislation . Legislation relating to EU Cohesion Policy usually takes the form of regulations . More Rural Development The EU 's policy on Rural Development helps rural areas respond to the challenges they face , and is part of a horizontal policy approach to creating growth and jobs in Europe . State aid is an advantage given by a government that may provide a company with an unfair competitive edge over its commercial rivals . Such state aid can be delivered in a variety of ways , such as through the allocation of grant subsidies , the provision of interest and tax relief , or the purchasing of goods and services on preferential terms . The Bank may guarantee loans contracted by public or private undertakings or other bodies for the purpose of carrying out projects provided for in Article 267 of this Treaty . Because I know Adam . He 's no angel , but he 's not a murderer . you did n't know he was an alcoholic when you first met him either . I do n't know if I trust your judgment . LIST OF EXCIPIENTS
L405	" When Vry laughed , Oyre said , more seriously , " Master Datnil could be executed for showing his corps Master Book about - that 's proof he 's gaga . " So much has been lost - Master Datnil is right there . The cold was so bitter , once on a time , that almost everything inflammable was burnt - wood , paper , all records . If you take more Epivir than you should Accidentally taking too much Epivir is unlikely to cause any serious problems . If you take too much , tell your doctor or your pharmacist , or contact your nearest hospital emergency department for further advice . For the moment , the languages available are : Last update : 10 - 12 - 2009 It 's way too late for kids to be out on the streets . Do you like stories ? Because here 's a good one . It starts with me getting the sword tonight , The most evil night of the year , and then ... Oh , I ca n't help myself ... It ends with eternal night over the earth ! Ruled by me and every evil thing you can imagine ! And a seriously bad fate for you . The end ! Worst bedtime story ever ! This wo n't hold long , but I 'm doing it anyways . All right , kids , look for someplace to hide While I figure out how to deal with ...
L406	Did you just slime me ? If the measurement of the exhaust gas flow or the measurement of combustion air and fuel consumption is not possible , it can be calculated using the carbon and oxygen balance method ( see Annex 4A , Appendix 1 , paragraph 1.2.3 . ) . Any additional data required for calculation shall be recorded ( see Annex 4A , Appendix 3 , paragraphs 1.1 . and 1.2 . ) . 3.8 . Re - checking the analysers After the emission test a zero gas and the same span gas will be used for re - checking . The test will be considered acceptable if the difference between the two measuring results is less than 2 per cent . I even played eenie meenie miney mo . Bottom line-- nobody ever likes their anger buddy , So we 're done . Oh , and , ed , we were all offended By your version of eenie meenie miney mo . From now on , let 's just stick with tiger . Hey , dad . Group 's over ? Yeah , we can watch the game now . There was a fire at the dry cleaners . I need something to help me relax . Yeah , but those things will slowly kill you . The key word being slowly . Look , it 's my life and I can do with it what I want .
L407	5 - Barkoci and Malik , cited above , paragraphs 57 to 59 and point 3 of the operative part . 8 - See , inter alia , Case C-268/99 Jany and Others [ 2001 ] ECR I-8615 , paragraph 35 ; Opinion 1/91 [ 1991 ] ECR I-6079 , paragraph 14 ; Case C-312/91 Metalsa [ 1993 ] ECR I-3751 , paragraph 12 ; and Case C-416/96 Eddline El - Yassini [ 1999 ] ECR I-1209 , paragraph 47 . 9 - To this effect , see Hedemann - Robinson , Martin , ' An Overview of Recent Legal Developments at Community Level in Relation to Third Country Nationals Resident Within the European Union , With Particular Reference to the Case - law of the European Court of Justice' , Common Market Law Review , 38 , 2001 , pp . As a rule , this information shall be deleted immediately after the related alert has been deleted from SIS II , and in any event at the latest one year thereafter . I 'm bushed . And sore all over . If the bed is soft I 'll grab a nap . ' ' With a battalion of armed guards at the door if it 'll ease the little boy 's concerns . ' ' Enough ! ' ' Oh sit down , ' said David . ' You look foolish . ' Rhinemann 's guard brought him a pair of trousers , a lightweight turtleneck sweater and a tan suede jacket .
L408	" A. Maybe got same business lot trouble kif . Maybe got invoke treaty . " " Maybe you can get Chanur to do your work . " " Maybe invoke treaty . The nurses too . I need them for my research . Ready ... Shoot ! We 've talked . I 'm not here to judge or blame you . What you 've done is a good deed . If you find yourself ... admit ... that it is life ... Do you think ... that everything is the same just like before ? My feeling for you never changes . Dad , I know you do n't like to remember the past ... But I 've talked with the leader of CNT . I 'll meet him tomorrow . Maybe he knows something . 66 . ( 7 ) For example , Moody 's : C ( an obligor has failed to pay one or more of its financial obligations ( rated or unrated ) when it became due ) , S&P : CCC , Fitch : CCC ( an obligor is currently vulnerable and dependent on favourable economic conditions to meet its commitments ) . Under that provision the Authority has the power to authorise " aid to facilitate the development of certain economic activities ( ... ) where such aid does not adversely affect trading conditions to an extent contrary to the common interest . "
L409	Given that its very existence is in danger , a firm in difficulty can not be considered an appropriate vehicle for promoting other public policy objectives until such time as its viability is assured . Consequently , the Authority considers that aid to firms in difficulty may contribute to the development of economic activities without adversely affecting trade to an extent contrary to the EEA interest only if the conditions set out in these Guidelines are met . Where the firms which are to receive rescue or restructuring aid are located in assisted areas , the Authority will take the regional considerations referred to in Article 61(3)(a ) and ( c ) of the EEA Agreement into account as described in points 54 to 55 . The Authority will pay particular attention to the need to prevent the use of these Guidelines to circumvent the principles laid down in existing frameworks and Guidelines . The assessment of rescue or restructuring aid should not be affected by changes in the ownership of the business aided . ( clicking ) - What 's that ? Morphine . There . Do n't worry , it wo n't be long . What was ... I did n't suppose she would . You tidying up ? Shhh . Now , it 'll all be over in a second . ( Powell ) : No heads . I think our philosopher friend came this way .
L410	For example , 29 January 2006 should be shown as 29.01.06 ( Day . Month . Year ) . Could not connect to Exchange server . Could not connect to GNOME Power Manager . Could not connect to host Could not connect to MySQL with the administrator details . Please check and try again . Could not connect to POP server % s Could not connect to POP server % s Could not connect to proxy server % s : Could not connect to proxy server % s : Could not connect to proxy server % s : Could not connect to proxy server % s : Could not connect to proxy server % s : I shall wear very little . " I moved back enough to see his face . He kept my hand pressed to his chest , resting on the smooth perfection of his left side . " You sure about that ? " He smiled but blinked at the same time so I could n't read his eyes . He patted my hand and let me go . " I am accustomed to the effect I have on people , ma cherie . View transactions marked for settlement All customers View exchange rates View currency with current exchange rates Required Print both item name and description ? Include both item name and description Data access Export file name Import file name Handling type And it was n't in a part of town that he knew .
L411	In fact , it hardly seemed like the same world . Instead of the street being full of people walking and pushing carts and riding bikes or skating to get from one place to another , the streets were almost empty , and there were cars parked everywhere . Not a single store , either . All houses and offices , or houses made into offices with little signs out front . The only building that was different was the very one he had just come out of . He knew where he was going , but he did n't know how to get there from here . And Sister Carlotta would start looking for him soon . His first thought was to hide , but then he remembered that she knew all about his story of hiding in the clean place , so she would also think of hiding and she would look for him in a hiding place close to the big building . So he ran . It surprised him how strong he was now . " See how much better things have gotten ? " I said with a disgusted smirk . Returns data for " set_expression1 " and " set_expression2 " . Syntax union ( set_expression1 , set_expression2 [ , all ] ) Result : Returns data for both sets as one new set , showing the Golf Equipment column only once .
L412	If the evaluation committee was not given responsibility for the evaluation and ranking of the tenders on the basis of the exclusion and selection criteria , the written record shall also be signed by the persons who were given that responsibility by the authorising officer responsible . ( b ) in paragraph 3 , the following subparagraph is added : ' In the case of a procurement procedure launched on an interinstitutional basis , the decision referred to in the first subparagraph shall be taken by the contracting authority responsible for the procurement procedure.' There are all those rag- rags down there , all those old rags . I think you 'd have done this sooner . You do not want to make it a two - way conversation with them , because they have nothing on their minds but- well , they may have nothin' but time to just think about ways to work on you and to get under your skin . You can not make yourself a person to them . Oh , believe me , I 've learned that lesson . Well , I mean , they 'll test you for sure . I want to take a hit of viagra . Number one - that 's very presumptuous of you . Sends me on a rocket trip right through your solar system . I 'll be right back with that ... ... water .
L413	Do n't do that . Again I 'm sorry , but this relationship can not just sail on like it is : perfect . That 's so ... - Fifties ? That is really nice . So , these parents that are coming to town ... do they know what 's wrong with you ? Reference to Annex II , Section II.1 , to Directive 2008/68/EC : 6.1 . We 're gon na talk , all right . With all the business you do , you 're still funneling the money through your nightclubs , paying contracts in fives and tens , because you 're too cheap to pay the commission for clean cash . The first time I ever smoked a cigar was with Marnie Petersen in fifth grade . Red ... There are five bankers on the East Coast capable of financing a mission like Garrick 's . I run money through four of them . Which one ? Okay . Okay ! The money was wired from Gestalten Landesbank , the New York office . We have a man there . I swear that 's all I know . Thank you . So that 's it ? Yes , but if I had n't let Zartog take over ... then we would n't need the aforementioned plan ... so I was responsible for creating the demand for a plan .
L414	That , combined with my seniority and my chiselled heroic looks ... means that I am in charge , so I get to make the plan . So , what 's your plan ? . Well , I just did one million ab crunches ... so , uh , time for a nap now . Patience , Luna , whose name rhymes with " tuna . " I do a little distracting , and then you guys jump him . That 's your plan ? . Chillax . Do n't be hating ' on my plan . I 'm also gon na pick the lock and get us into Mission Control . Let 's see . Kidding . Got you for a second though . Mission Control . I thought I was out of fingers . To look upon the face of the one . The one what ? Dr Daniel Jackson ! It is rumoured among the Goa'uld , that you alone defeated Anubis . Is that true ? Where 'd you hear that ? Oh , I hear everything . Lt Col Cameron Mitchell . But you , you 're not ... No . Will he be here ? No ! And you 're not even Colonel Carter , are you ? ? PRINT LOG10 100 ; print 2.0 ( common logarithm of 100 ) PRINT MAX [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ; print 3 , the greatest element of the list
L415	PRINT SIN 90 * PI/180 ; print 1.0 ( sinus of 90 ° in radians ) PRINT SORTED [ 5 , 1 , 3 , 4 ] ; print [ 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] PRINT SQRT 100 ; print 10 , square root of 100 PRINT SUB ( " t " , " T " , " text " ) ; print " Text " , replacing " t " with " T " PRINT SUB ( " ( . ) " , " 11 " , " text " ) ; print " tteexxtt " , doubling every characters PRINT TUPLE [ 4 , 5 ] Yeah , I was that , I saw you wrote " Logan , " and then there were like three question marks . I mean ... I 'm not sure exactly what I 'm gon na be doing next , and I know I want to start putting my ideas out , and I know I want to start working , but I think you should do what you want to do , and then -- and then maybe I 'll factor you in . You want to factor me in . Yeah . I 'd like that . That would be great . I want to go for the fellowship . Yeah , I 'm gon na go for it . Okay . No gum , no matches , no pushing , no shoving . Uh , no , go ahead .
L416	I 've been keeping this all to myself . Motherfucking suck bag ! You cock - munching fucking fuck nugget ! This gun ... That I got you from the service . Well , neither do I. But I 've been given a second chance . Now get down on your knees . Okay . Please ! You had me killed . Put down like a dog . I want to hear you say it . I did n't have you killed . That 's the thing about being with someone for 20 years , You know when they lie , So two parking spaces provides me with what I call " a cushion of protection . " It just was n't the right time . The big man 's giving the job to Kendall because he 's dating his daughter . Look , I 've got to get to class . The kids are waiting for you , OK ? Oh ! I 'm gon na baby - sit my nephew and niece tonight . Oh , God . Got any advice for me ? Can I have some French fries ? Of course you can . You 're my best friend . Europe 's entrepreneurs created a powerful new way to make money - companies . Ginger , cloves , cinnamon travelled around the world , making merchants fortunes . But nutmegs grew only in a few tiny islands , sandwiched between Borneo and New Guinea ... .. the Banda Islands .
L417	It still looks much as it did in 1600 , just a two - mile strip of steep hills and nutmeg trees . But in those days , a single sack of nutmeg could buy you a town house in London . Run was held by the world 's first multinational corporation , the East India Company of London . In January 1617 , Nathaniel Courthope 's job was to keep the island from the Dutch competition . He trained his cannon on a gap in the reefs . He had two ships - the rival Dutch East India Company had a dozen . This looks like a traditional naval battle . What do you want , Crais ? To travel deeper into the Uncharted Territories . To re- examine my path . Fine , just ... ditch the firm , head off to Maui , shack up with the super model , but you do not get to keep the Porsche ! Talyn , intruder . Now tell Talyn to put away the toys . Now open the hatch . Wha ... Pilot , what the yotz was that ? Moya is accelerating . I know that . I felt it in all three stomachs . She heard a transmission from Talyn .
L418	Turn right onto the B1079 and continue west and then north west to the junction at map reference TM214538 ( 2 ) . In a porn or car magazine ? Probably both . You surprised me . You 're great . Like an extra - long sports show on TV . I ca n't believe it . June 's only just begun . Come in , Peppone ? And what will they shout to each other ? They ca n't shout , " Clear the trail ! " Because there are no trails . Mauno , you have to eat something ! 7 . Procedure 7.1 . Preparation of blank solution See Method 9.4 ( 7.1 ) . An updated RMP should be submitted : If the dates for submission of a PSUR and the update of a RMP coincide , they can be submitted at the same time . Abdominal pain was commonly reported as an adverse reaction . This transient effect is considered partially a consequence of the intraperitoneal route of administration . The decision of the Commission shall be taken no later than six months after complete notification by the Member State and shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union . Due to CYP3A4 inhibition by lopinavir / ritonavir . I feel way better , though . Like you got ta ... No . I wo n't thinkit 's gross or anything . Oh , that 's okay , I 'm fine . Okay .
L419	Do you smoke ... Do you smoke weed ? Not really . No . Like in the morning ? Because it fixes everything . Jonah broke his elbow once . Whoa , whoa , whoa . He 's the Mantis ? Come on , chief , can you give us any information ? That 's how he got the information for the bust on the 26th . Wait , we 're here to actually help you -- aah ! Clear your -- aah ! Because we know -- ugh ! Cozened ! Ugh ! Nobody knows what " cozened " means . " Cozened " is a fairly common word , Shawn . " Framed " ? We know you were framed ? Everybody ready ? We'il come back here to see the fair . Maybe . You can bake anything in that stove . They have little box stoves in tenements . Anna , how 's this ? Oh , it 's too much , Lonnie . I had too much ice cream . Thanks . You can have the candy flower , Tootie . I 'm starting a tunnel tomorrow from our garden under the streetcar tracks ... ... and into Mrs. Middleton 's terrace . Do n't use that impudent tone to your father . ESMA 's assessment should take the form of an opinion in accordance with Article 29 of Regulation ( EU ) No 1095/2010 .
L420	In addition , the already existing waivers for shares should be reviewed by ESMA within an appropriate timeframe and an assessment should be made , following the same procedure , as to whether they are still in compliance with the rules set out in this Regulation and in delegated acts provided for herein . The financial crisis exposed specific weaknesses in the way information on trading opportunities and prices in financial instruments other than shares is available to market participants , namely in terms of timing , granularity , equal access , and reliability . Timely pre- and post - trade transparency requirements taking account of the different characteristics and market structures of specific types of instruments other than shares should thus be introduced and adapted as necessary so as to be workable for request - for - quote systems , whether automated or involving voice trading . In order to provide a sound transparency framework for all relevant instruments , these should apply to bonds and structured finance products with a prospectus or which are admitted to trading either on a regulated market or are traded on an MTF or an OTF , to derivatives which are traded or admitted to trading on regulated markets , MTFs and OTFs or considered eligible for central clearing , as well as , in the case of post - trade transparency , to derivatives reported to trade repositories .
L421	In order to ensure uniform applicable conditions between trading venues , the same pre- and post - trade transparency requirements should apply to the different types of venues . Canton of Antraigues - sur - Volane : Every time I look down at it ... Some are short stories . But that does n't make them any less filled with love . We 're landing in New York . Here we go now . As someone returned to my life ... ... someone left . Okay . And please , please ... ... do not make a messout of CarrieBradshaw.com . Okay . It 's my masterpiece . What am I gon na do without you ? Saint Louise . I owe you one , pal . There are only a dozen fences that can handle something this hot . You just got to learn which one . And I figured you 'd never have any trouble finding a man . The trick is finding the right one . Nice to see you , too , Howard . The next time you approach a woman in a dark alley , you might introduce yourself . I shall endeavor to remember that . provided my concussion is n't too severe . Should you need me . You 're new to espionage , are n't you ? Far from it . Last summer , I caught the cook pocketing the good spoons . What now , Miss Carter ? Now I go to work .
L422	In that example that I did a couple of videos ago , where we had a cliff-- actually , I only have a minute left in this video . I 'll see you soon . Sorry about that . Allow me . And I 've no intention of curtsying , either , so forget it . You can curtsy or not . Except have you beheaded , but that seems a bit extreme . Steal my land and destroy my livelihood . Wait a second . Come back here . What is your name ? Ella of Frell . AUDIT OBSERVATIONS The Commission 's fulfilment of its management function Under Article 38 of Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1260/1999 ( 9 ) , which lays down general provisions on the Structural Funds , Member States are required to verify that management and control arrangements ensure that Community funds are being used efficiently and correctly and to provide the Commission with a description of these arrangements . They must also ensure that Community funds are used in accordance with the principles of sound financial management and must cooperate with the Commission to this end . The Member States are thus principally responsible for establishing the management and control systems and for applying them to measure and project implementation in conformity with Community requirements . The Commission nevertheless has the final responsibility for the execution of the budget ( as described under Article 274 of the EC Treaty and in the Financial Regulation ) .
L423	( c ) ( 1 ) Council Directive 85/337/EEC of 27 June 1985 on the assessment of the effects of certain public and private projects on the environment ( OJ 1985 L 175 , p. You know , Lizzie , that I am always here for you , to protect you . Is there anything you want to tell me ? What would I want to tell you , Emma ? Why did n't you run , when you saw someone had killed Father ? Did you know the house was empty ? The madman could 've still been in the house . But how could you know that ? I told you what happened . Do you think I 'm hiding something from you ? No , of course not . Good . I 'm so glad . You know why I did n't run ? He rested cross - legged , hands in his lap , bowed his head and tried to rest a little . He looked up as Hlil crouched down by him and tugged his veil down . " You took no wound . " " No , " he said . " I thank you , kel Hlil . " For the tribe . " " Aye , " he agreed . It was clearly so . " Where is Ras ? " " Wherever she wills to be . I am not consulted in her wanderings . " Hlil looked down at Duncan , frowning .
L424	I 've never been anywhere . But you 've seen pictures of it . Oh , it 's fascinating . I 'd like to visit . You never studied the Cathars ? The Catholic Church is , like , always bad . ldeas ca n't be killed as easily as people . ln recent years , more and more people have returned to their beliefs . So you 're a Cathar ? Yes . I aspire to be . I 'm trying to follow the path the Cathars marked out . That 's so impressive . This is about the David Smith file ? Everything pre-1990 is in a deep , dark , dangerous basement . Well , it sounds like it should be fun for you . These spiders are real . Very real . So , then , you do n't have the file . I have bites inside my ear . You 're better than that , Leo . Really . Transnational cooperation Encourage the development of , and active participation in , transnational forms of cooperation at national , regional or local level , through policy initiatives , in particular projects and bilateral or multilateral agreements , in order to :
L425	Do not freeze . For simultaneous use , 1 dose of a Nobivac vaccine containing canine distemper virus , canine adenovirus type 2 , canine parvovirus and/or canine parainfluenza virus components should be reconstituted with 1 dose ( 1 ml ) of Nobivac L4 . The mixed vaccines should be administered by subcutaneous injection . Construction concept design Building permit documentation Implementary documentation , interior concept design Authorship supervision and technical supervision of investor General contractor - construction coordination and management Execution : 11/2004 - 05/2005 - DESIGNING WORKS 05/2005 - 09/2005 - CONSTRUCTION IMPLEMENTATION This is the preventive effect of the Directive . Nathan , I 'm not looking for exciting . I want that to be you . I ... Janie : Hey , can I bum one of those ? You do n't want to start now . Peter : When 's the last time you two had sex ? Nathan : Peter : You said she smokes after sex , but she had n't had a cigarette in six months . Nathan : Yeah , she just meant that -- she ... We cut ourselves off . No sex six months before the wedding . Only one person has not survived . It did not have to do them in class . They saw the reaction of Neville ? Aha . Son ... You are well ? Dense haste . Ahead , deposítalo . Yes . It walks . Wonderful , no ? In three years we could be chosen .
L426	Will the Painter help him with that , too ? She always comes out of the forest smiling . I think Ramo must still be alive . That 's odd ... I wonder ... Do you think something is protecting them ? Why , love is their protection . Love ? Whatever you desire shall be done , Great Chandelier . Look how tiny they are ! When I 'm wrong , I say I 'm wrong . You looked wonderful out there . That was it . That was it . They did n't do it for me ? No . And they didn't-- He says he did n't do the Coliseum dress . He says he did n't like it , so they did n't do it . Okay . I just finished talking to Mario . He says he did n't like it , so he never really did it , he said , which I had to tell her . You know , it 's digital . I know . You know , I understand that , you know , she needs a few more dresses ... ... but , you know ... ... you get what you get . The one he 's chosen , she 's kind of tough - looking in the face . Please ? Dance with me . That was very gallant . No , I do n't . Oh , marvellous !
L427	NATIONAL USERS GROUP Mandate and composition 1 . Introduction The National User Group ( NUG ) brings together providers and users of securities settlement services within its national market in order to support the development and implementation of TARGET2-Securities ( T2S ) . It creates a forum for involving national market participants in the T2S Advisory Group 's ( AG ) work and establishes the formal link between the AG and the national market . Down on all fours , please and growl ferociously . Liven it up a bit ! I want you to strike fear into my heart . Not You , Wesley , you 're a rabbit , For heaven 's sake . Go ! Yes ! What ? Day after day all the prince ever does , Is practice , practice , practice . Thinking of her and the way that it was . K Remote Control Daemon Remote Control Daemon for KDE4 ( c ) 2010 Frank Scheffold Michael Zanetti Maintainer Gav Wood Configuration reloaded . The remote control Argument is now available . An unconfigured remote control Argument is now available . Mode switched to Argument Orders the applicant to pay the costs . H. You got Frank 's trailer . Now you want Frank 's ex ? Joy 's little insult gave me an idea . That 's how I 'll find Billie- Frank . Crab water 's almost cool enough for your bath . As you can see , my city is a sea city .
L428	Salt ? Yes , sir . He 's going to march to the sea and make salt . And that 's the basis of this declaration of independence ? The day he sets off ... ... everyone is supposed to raise the flag of " Free India . " And then he walks some 240 miles to the sea and makes salt . I say ignore it . Let them raise their damned flags . Yeah . Listen , this is what we 're gon na do . Then you get in your ... I get in my car and chase you . You got it , that 's it . Perfect . Do n't I got ta put on some makeup ? Makeup ? Hey , does Charlie Bronson wear makeup ? Bronson . What exactly are you going to do with 12 kilograms of strontium 90 ? I 'm ready to proceed on Red 's word . Good . I 'll let him know once he 's done with Soto . Excellent . Soto : $ 6 million . I need three weeks . I need it now . Not possible . Fresh out , I 'm afraid . Are you threatening to cut me out of my own business ? Because we 're not that good of friends . Someone was communicating with Mammot , and the Warren that now pulsed in the room was familiar to Kruppe . He sat back and waited .
L429	' I thought I sensed the alchemist 's presence , ' Kruppe said , rising with a soft grunt . ' Ah , the rigours of these fated nights ever urge us on . Until later , then , Mammot . ' ' Goodbye , ' the scholar said , a frown on his face as he crossed the room . He entered the small chamber where Kruppe had spent the past hour . Kruppe adjusted the sleeves of his cloak . Whatever had happened , it had been enough to jar Mammot 's etiquette , and that alone hinted at dire events . ' At least , ' he amended , as he headed for the door , ' not for too long . Decorum demands that Kruppe retain his sense of dignity . We got ta fight . Is that , uh ... Jill did n't come home last night . No message . Sound weird to you ? Of course . Hi . Hey . Have you ever climbed a tree ? I want to climb a tree . Okay . Want to come ? I just searched every floor of Barney 's twice . You try doing that without stopping to browse at either of the shoe departments . ( Sighs ) I ca n't . ( Laughs ) You ? Mentor ? Just go with it . She may be 17 , but she is wise beyond her years .
L430	If he knows that I messed this up , he 'll wanna take a break , and that 's the last thing I want . He 's the most important person in my life right now . ( Sighs deeply ) Okay . As hard as it 's gon na be , I think I just have to admit defeat . Well , good luck with that . Date every woman from here to daytona . Do n't end up with girls like Megan . But not yet . Well , I could evolve . I mean , I could be that guy at the end of the movie . I 'm sure you will . Someday . But why would a zebra change his stripes For a cheetah he barely knows ? I did just meet her , did n't i ? Marco , will you please tell that lunatic tutor of ours She ca n't kick me out of my own room . Go easy on him , Sage . Why does she have to butt into our personal lives so much ? I hate her . " Well , you know- " he said , and then stopped with a little laugh . " No , I do n't know , Stuart . " " It 's crazy . " " Tell me . " " I do n't know if I want to . You 'll start looking for the guys with the butterfly nets . "
L431	Guys , I was sitting at home last night , and all of a sudden , I had a piphany . And my piphany was this ... Actually , it 's , uh , it 's " epiphany . " No , Ted , this is the piphany . And here it is : Make ... every ... night ... legendary . Guys , we 've had some pretty legendary nights . But we 've also had some nights that were n't so legendary . Eddie Murphy as a fat lady ; what 's the problem ? That was Eddie Murphy ? The non - legendary nights are done . From here on in , every single night of our lives will be a night we 'll never forget . Starting tonight . ' Will you be coming with us ? ' ' No , ' Vanion replied . ' I 'm going to have to ride to Chyrellos and alert a few friendly members of the Church hierocracy to what Annias has planned . ' Sparhawk nodded , then he remembered something . ' I 'm not entirely positive about this , ' he said , ' But I think there 's someone here in Cimmura who 's been watching me , and I do n't think he 's an Elene . ' He smiled at Sephrenia .
L432	5 with regard to the posting : the type of services provided within the context of the posting , the starting date of the posting and its envisaged duration , and the place where the work is to be performed ; 6 With regard to the equivalent documents : the place where they are kept and retained , in accordance with Article 5 of the present Decree.' Article 5(1 ) provides that copies of the equivalent documents must be kept available to the designated inspection services for the period of six months referred to in Article 2 . Those copies are to be kept either at the workplace to which the worker is assigned in Belgium or at the Belgian address of a natural person who retains them as an agent or servant of the employer . Should they fail to comply with that obligation , employers must draw up and complete the individual account and payslip . Article 5(2 ) provides that , after that period of six months has passed , employers must retain the copies for a period of five years and , in addition , draw up the social documents provided for under Chapter II of Royal Decree No 5 and also the pay slip . 12 Article 6 of the Royal Decree of 29 March 2002 concerns the detailed rules for the keeping available and retention of the equivalent documents after the period of employment of the workers posted to Belgium .
L433	The defendants in the main proceedings ( the first , second , and third as branch managers and servants of Termiso Limitada , and Termiso Limitada as employer and legal person liable under criminal law ) are charged with not having drawn up , between 31 May 2004 and 13 July 2004 , individual accounts in respect of the 53 employees referred to , in breach , inter alia , of several provisions of Royal Decree No 5 . That 's exactly the moment I was furious at you for missing our toast . And now I 'm the one who has to ask : Oh , I 'll try . Wait ! She'il know I was buying the ticket when I was supposed to be onstage with her . Oh , I 'm rich and I ca n't even tell my own wife ! Calm down , Homer . Calm down . Wow , I do look pretty calm down there . Ladies and gentlemen , the orchard avenue kwik - e - mart , birthplace of the yardstick on the doorframe that tells you how tall your robber was , is proud to announce its latest lotto victor . Mr. Barney Gumble ! That 's right ! I bought the winning ticket ! Hey , Phil , stay down there and put your finger in his mouth . Okay . We 're done . We 're done with this . Blooper reel . Cutting !
L434	Now let 's see what all the fuss is about . Oh , this is so Raiders . Oh , the Una Mens ... And they will be hungry . Let me go , zombie boy ! Whicher , hold on ... RESS RETENTION Compliance shall be determined by visual inspection . 8 samples were positive for irradiation and were not correctly labelled . Food analysed Number of analysed samples : 78 CEN method used Result : non - irradiated Result : irradiated , not correctly labelled Spices EN 1788 Herbal tea products EN 1788 Food supplements EN 1788 Instant noodles EN 1788 Fresh fruits EN 1788 Poultry EN 1788 Cacao powder EN 1788 Total Total in % of analysed samples 3.5 . Germany 3 945 food samples were examined . 141 of these , i.e. 3.6 % , were non - compliant : 93 samples were incorrectly labelled and 48 were found to have been illegally irradiated . Two samples were legally irradiated and correctly labelled . The same was true for 32 % of soups and sauces . Food analysed Number of analysed samples : 3945 CEN method used Result : non - irradiated Result : irradiated , but irradiation unauthorised and/or not correctly labelled Milk / milk products EN 1788 EN 1787 Cheese with herbs EN 1788 EN 1784 EN 1787 EN 13751 Butter with herbs EN 1787 EN 1788 EN 1788 mod . Eggs , egg products EN 1784 mod . EN 1784 mod .
L435	Duration and financial impact 1.7 . The objective of State aid within the context of maritime transport is to promote the competitiveness of the EEA fleets in the global shipping market . Consequently , tax relief schemes should , as a rule , require a link with an EEA flag . However , they may also , exceptionally , be approved where they apply to the entire fleet operated by a shipowner established within an EEA State 's territory liable to corporate tax , provided that it is demonstrated that the strategic and commercial management of all ships concerned is actually carried out from within the territory and that this activity contributes substantially to economic activity and employment within the EEA . The evidence furnished by the EEA State concerned to demonstrate this economic link should include details of vessels owned and operated under EEA States' registers , EEA nationals employed on ships and in land - based activities , and investments in fixed assets . It must be stressed that the aid must be necessary to promote the repatriation of the strategic and commercial management of all ships concerned in the EEA and , in addition , that the beneficiaries of the schemes must be liable to corporate tax in the EEA . In addition , the Authority would request any available evidence to show that all vessels operated by companies benefiting from these measures comply with the relevant international and EEA safety standards , including those relating to onboard working conditions .
L436	Should a company ( or group ) fail to respect that requirement , the relevant EEA State should not grant further tax relief with respect to additional non - EEA flagged vessels operated by that company , unless the EEA - flagged share of the global tonnage eligible for tax relief in that EEA State has not decreased on average during the reporting period referred to in the next paragraph . The EFTA State must inform the Authority of the application of the derogation . The EEA - tonnage share requirement set out in this paragraph does not apply to undertakings operating at least 60 % of their tonnage under a EEA flag . Within 180 days of receipt of a recommendation from the evaluating competent authority , the Agency shall prepare and submit to the Commission an opinion on the renewal of the Union authorisation . 15 ° above and below the horizontal . The vertical angle below the horizontal may be reduced to 5 ° if the height of the reflector is less than 750 mm . ( 1 ) A discount of 10 EUR / t ( Article 4(3 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1249/96 ) . However , if the distance S defined in Item 4.1.6 is not less than 280 mm and if the alternative formula BR = 280 mm + 0 78 S specified in Item 4.4.4.3 is chosen by the manufacturer , the vertical distance between C and R shall be 500 mm . "
L437	Item 4.1.5 . The expression " point H " is replaced by the expression " point H ' " . Reiterates its full support for the Special Tribunal for Lebanon ( STL ) as an independent court , created by UN Security Council Resolution ( UNSCR ) 1757 and meeting the highest judicial standards ; reaffirms its strong support for the sovereignty , unity and territorial integrity of Lebanon and for the full functioning of all Lebanese institutions ; stresses that internal stability and respect for international law are fully compatible ; calls on all the Lebanese political forces to continue to engage in an open and constructive dialogue to foster the welfare , prosperity and security of all Lebanese citizens ; commends the crucial role of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) and calls for the implementation of all the provisions of UNSC Resolution 1701 ; With regard to criterion 3 , it was found that distortions were carried over from the non - market economy system through the provision of infrastructure investments to one company of the group for free . Finally one company was not able to demonstrate that certain assets transferred to it were made for monetary consideration or otherwise at prices reflecting market values . Finally , with regard to criteria 4 and 5 , it was found that the companies met the criteria as the companies were subject to bankruptcy and property laws which guaranteed stability and legal certainty .
L438	It argued that the Commission has not shown that circumstances of this company had changed in a way that would justify a different method to that applied in the original investigation . According to the claimant several of the issues identified by the Commission had already existed at the time of the original investigation and thus the Commission 's new findings do not relate to new circumstances but are merely a different interpretation of the same circumstances . It should be noted that , contrary to the claimant 's statement , the same methodology was applied both in the original investigation and in the current review whereas due account was taken of the fact that certain circumstances have changed since the original investigation . Even if the claimant 's argumentation would be correct in relation to certain facts that were indeed the same during both the original and current investigations , namely in relation to GT Enterprise 's land use right agreement , the following can be noted . He 'll come to in a couple of hours . You promised with the new moon You 'd be comin ' back to me Now many moons have passed Still I 'm waitin ' patiently There 's a new moon over my shoulder And an old love still in my heart I mean , he never told me , but I just know . I 've got ta be in L.A. By the end of the week .
L439	As soon as I get enough money , I can get some nice clothes , and knock on his door , surprise him . Were you talking to Victoria ? Oh , David 's looking gorgeous . Listen , love . Yes , Mom ? I think you need to let your hair down , pet . And , Roz ... What , Mom ? Well , you could do with a bit of a spray tan . ... immobility ... Darling , I 'm trying to study . You can study on the plane . But I wo n't see you for two weeks . I know . Previously on AMC 's Breaking Bad ... I think I may have another job for your uncle . Jesse Pinkman . That barrel look familiar ? 'Cause I just got six more exactly like . I 've got Jesse in sight , and he 's coming for me right now . Where are you ? Get a pen . Jack , do n't come . I 've got him . Uncommon : * Adverse reactions that are mainly attributable to entacapone or are more frequent ( by the frequency difference of at least 1 % in the clinical trial data ) with entacapone than levodopa / DDC inhibitor alone . See section c. You know , sometimes we hold back to spare each other 's feelings , and our own . Holding back has n't been our problem .
L440	You 're not a woman , she thought . " What ? " he said . I will pull whatever strings I need to in Washington . You reach Cheyenne in 20 days , on time , on budget , and I will convince congress to reinstate you permanently till you can join up with Huntington and the Central Pacific . General , I-- What about Durant ? You let me worry about Durant . A northern general , southern soldier , working together to unify these United States . It 's what the country needs . Well , where the hell is Cheyenne ? I had the Bureau of Land Management rename the town of Durant to Cheyenne . You renamed Durant 's town ? Yes , sir , I did . Oh ! Nope . Can I tell him ? Technical Note : The natural content of hafnium in the zirconium ( typically 2 % to 7 % ) is counted with the zirconium . ( 27 ) OJ L 108 , 24.4.2002 , p. Come to dinner . You like the cabin , do n't you ? Remember last year ? Missed all that school because the ... the big dump ? Dad , no . Get your head together , please . Do n't be rude . Come on . You 'd think with a scholarship to Cornell would n't be a no - brainer , but no .
L441	Now she 's talking about going to Buffalo State to be closer to Tad . Wow , look at you guys . When was this ? Have I seen this ? Look who we got here . It was all my fault . No no no . We both messed up . I still regret how I handled things . And I never meant to hurt you . I 'm so sorry . Yeah , me too . The crab cakes here are amazing . Gary , this is your last chance for the trade . No , I swear I will never ever call you back . I will call you right back . We need to talk . And on your way out , fire whoever let you in . Okay , what we did was wrong , but you ca n't take it out on Danny . He had nothing to do with it . Materials and equipment must be laid out or stracked in such a way as to prevent their collapsing or overturning . What if she winds up regretting this decision ? She 's going after Ted Mosby . There you go . Whoa . What was that ? What ? You said you wanted a picture of Baby Marvin 's first outing . Our baby 's first outing was to a bar . I dribble Cuervo on Marv 's soft spot . Here she comes ! Quick !
L442	Any thoughts ? Man , I wind up in these rooms a lot . I need to ask you both a few questions . Let 's start with you . The test results under both conditions A and B and the weighted values shall be reported in the communication form . Graduated compression hosiery ( for example , stockings for varicose veins ) : Of synthetic fibres , measuring per single yarn less than 67 decitex Of synthetic fibres , measuring per single yarn 67 decitex or more Of other textile materials Other women 's full - length or knee - length hosiery , measuring per single yarn less than 67 decitex Other : Of wool or fine animal hair Of cotton Men 's or boys ' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts ( other than swimwear ) : Mr. Zane . Detective Beckett . Mr. Castle . You 're in a festive mood tonight , Mr. Zane . Honoring the dead ? Celebrating a life . Yes , nothing says " I 'm grieving " like an appletini . You must be the forgive and forget type , Mr. Zane , especially after that beating that you gave Cano a couple of nights ago . left on Vega 's body from where you hit him , including the imprints left by your Championship ring . Do they all wear it on the left - hand ring finger ?
L443	Do they all have abrasions on that finger that are consistent with assault ? You and she were ... No , but he thought we ... " In a deep oneness , as wide as the night , like an endless brightness , - so do sounds , colors , fragrances correspond ... " Sari . Hi . Working tomorrow . This is yours , I guess . Yes . Thanks . Listen , Sari ... During those years , poetry made a 90-degree turn . and looked both above and beneath it . However , above did n't mean Heaven anymore , - but seeing things from a new perspective . And below did n't mean Hell anymore , - but the mundane , - whose very crudeness gave them a newway of speaking about beauty . In Flowers of Evil , Baudelaire brought beauty back into the world - and gave it to the people , - to us , to all of us . ( e ) The object of the declaration described above is in conformity with the relevant Union harmonisation legislation : ... ... ... ... ... . ( reference to the other Union acts applied ) : ( f ) References to the relevant harmonised standards used or references to the specifications in relation to which conformity is declared :
L444	Regarding the proposal for the European account preservation order , he emphasised the need to limit the personal data processed to the minimum necessary . In public health and consumer aff airs , the EDPS issued an opinion on the Consumer Protection Coop- eration System ( CPCS ) , urging the legislator to recon- sider the retention periods and to explore ways of ensuring privacy by design . The EDPS also intervened in other areas , such as the OLAF reform regulation , the EU fi nancial regulation and the use of digital tachographs for professional drivers . The Civil Serv- ice Tribunal - taking this initiative for the fi rst time - invited the EDPS to intervene . In its judgment , the Tribunal followed the EDPS reasoning and awarded fi nancial compensation to the applicant . ANNUAL REPORT 2011 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 9 A similar arrangement governs the supervision of the Customs Information System ( CIS ) , in the context of which the EDPS convened two meetings of the CIS Supervision Coordination Group in 2011 . The meet- ings gathered the representatives of national data protection authorities , as well as representatives of the Customs Joint Supervisory Authority and Data Protection Secretariat . Cooperation in international fora continued to attract attention , especially the European and Inter- national Conferences of Data Protection and Privacy Commissioners . In 2011 , the European Conference was held in Brussels , hosted by the Article 29 Working Party and the EDPS .
L445	You give me the briefcase ... I give you the P.D.A. with the coordinates to the weapons . - I set you up . The F.B.I. told us exactly where they were positioned . We call them , city 's under seven feet of water- Hey , five days . Take it easy . Helsinki . - For the two guards I had to kill , maybe . I 'm sorry . Joshua ca n't come to the phone right now , but thanks for the ride . Looking for gray van , Louisiana plates : Alpha - Golf - November-803 . Whoa ! - Oh , Jesus . All right . Pull over , please . Good night , Paul . Caroline ! I need to talk to you . Come in . Sorry to bother you , Monsieur le Comte . All right . It 's everything with Josephine . Serge ... What are you talking about ? The fire , Monsieurle Comte . I know it was the right thing to do ... but I ca n't get rid of the faces and the screams . Now , you give us the names of the people you want put down ... ... and we 'll get them the long sentences . You can appear to reduce those terms through your contacts .
L446	For the purpose of assesing whether the measure in question would give rise to a disproportionate burden , account should be taken of whether the measure in question is impracticable or unsafe and could not be made practicable and safe by a reasonable change to rules , policies or practices or the removal of architectural , communication or transport barriers or the provision of auxiliary aids or services . Reasonable accommodation shall not necessarily require significant structural changes to buildings whose structure is protected specifically under national law on account of their historical , cultural or architectural value . The burden shall not be deemed disproportionate when it is sufficiently remedied by measures existing in the Member State concerned . Amendment 60 Proposal for a directive Article 4 - paragraph 3 3 . Would you pay more to save a fish who thinks ? Let other teams build plants in the wrong places . Let 's be the team that makes the rules . Forget these nuclear power plants until we know they 're safe . That Pagglesham refinery , we 'll have to relocate it . We 're not here for just one game . We 're going all the way to the Super Bowl ! Hi . How you doing ? Fine , thank you . Come on , Nina . Be more specific than that . I would n't want you making another snap decision . Dead wait . He 's a pure bum .
L447	The sauce on the lamb was too sweet . And it was n't marinated enough . They 're still stuck in his teeth . Sanjay 's a black belt curry maestro . CINDY : Oh ! JOHN : We did it . We did it . Repeat : this is Whiskey X - ray 448 for General Kirby . Urgent you respond . MAN ON RADIO : Attention unidentified aircraft . If I get us close to the water , the waves can camouflage us . Mr. Bennett , my soldiers are patriots . When Matrix finishes the job , he 'll be back for his daughter . Now , whether she 's alive or dead does n't matter . Then he 'll be after you . CINDY : OK . Here we go . She loved the Coffee House . It was a long , winding series of rooms filled with armchairs and sofas and low tables , on a street lined with secondhand bookstores . She went to the door and opened it to admit a woman of about Sam 's age , with pig - tailed magenta hair . Her name was Natalie . Each institution shall consider whether the recommendations made in the reports of its internal auditor are suitable for an exchange of best practices with the other institutions . Article 113 Independence ( Article 87 of the Financial Regulation ) Article 114 Liability of the internal auditor ( Article 87 of the Financial Regulation )
L448	The institution alone , proceeding in accordance with this Article , may act to have the internal auditor , as an official or other servant subject to the Staff Regulations , declared liable for his actions . The institution shall take a reasoned decision to open an investigation . That decision shall be communicated to the interested party . The investigation report shall be communicated to the interested party , who shall then be heard by the institution on the subject of that report . On the basis of the report and the hearing , the institution shall adopt either a reasoned decision terminating the proceedings or a reasoned decision in accordance with Articles 22 and 86 to 89 of the Staff Regulations . Decisions imposing disciplinary measures or financial penalties shall be notified to the interested party and communicated , for information purposes , to the other institutions and the Court of Auditors . The interested party may bring an action in respect of such decisions before the Court of Justice of the European Communities , as provided for in the Staff Regulations . Article 115 Action before the Court of Justice of the European Communities ( Article 87 of the Financial Regulation ) Without prejudice to the remedies allowed by the Staff Regulations , the internal auditor may bring an action directly before the Court of Justice of the European Communities in respect of any act relating to the performance of his duties as internal auditor . Film - coated tablet Oral use
L449	Uh , yeah - there 's no keypads , No biometrics , no lock . Stationed in the security room . Monitored by a closed - circuit camera . When I make it down the hallway , I can get into the vault room . Which safe is it , exactly ? I 'll let you know . And when I find the safe , all I have to do is crack it . It 's high - security and torch - resistant . To get through the fire - resistant plate . Details . Are you upset about something ? What 's going on ? A nightclub ? I feel like dancing . How can you go out when you have a man like me ? Yoko ! Wait a minute . I 'm your ... ? Members also recalled a discussion at the HMA meeting , where the HMA felt that a harmonised system to manage conflicts of interests throughout the network can not be enforced . Instead , policies adopted by the Agency should be used as a reference when developing national policies in this domain . I 'm not really sure , to tell you the truth . What is this place ? The New York Museum of Art . We think it 's a simulation . I figure we 're in some sort of virtual reality world , .. created from our own minds , or at least Daniel 's .
L450	What makes you think I enjoy watching my friends get killed ? Or their parents die ? You have both been given challenges to be met and conquered . You have it in you . Why will you not partake ? Why will you not just let us go ? EMPHASISES the fundamental importance of the effectiveness of investments in the health systems of the future , which should be measured and monitored by the respective Member States ; RECOGNISES the importance of evidence - based policy - making and decision - making processes supported by adequate health information systems ; RECOGNISES that , in the European Union , there is a need for sharing evidence on health systems ' modernisation and of new healthcare approaches ; EMPHASISES that the availability of sufficient numbers of adequately trained health professionals in each Member State , is a key pre - condition for the operation of modern , dynamic health systems and each Member State should fulfil its needs and adhere to the WHO Global Code of Practice on international recruitment ; EMPHASISES the need to join forces and enter into more coordinated EU - level cooperation in order to support Member States , when appropriate , in their efforts to ensure that their health systems meet future challenges , building on results achieved through national and EU initiatives , as well as activities carried out by intergovernmental organisations , such as the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) and the WHO ;
L451	Mym lowered the Sword , and the Clock halted at twenty - four seconds to midnight . " You have a consideration , Satan ? " Is this what you want ? " " Why , I believe it will do , " Mym said . " Why should I limp along piecemeal , when I can accomplish my purpose in one glorious burst ? All mortal cares abated in a single effort ! " Now the other Incarnations appeared . Thanatos rode up on his pale steed Mortis , the woman Luna behind him . And Gaea coalesced from a cloud of vapor . All knew that this was the showdown . " But you have always tried to preserve the lives of the mortals , " Satan reminded him . " To ease the suffering brought about by war . "
L452	Each customs authority also informs programme members of the options for seeking administrative and/or judicial redress . At the request of the supplying customs authority , the receiving customs authority is to update , correct , block , or delete information received under this Decision that is inaccurate or incomplete or if its collection or further processing contravenes this Decision or the CMAA . Each customs authority is to notify the other if it becomes aware that material information it has transmitted to the other customs authority or received from the other customs authority under this Decision is inaccurate or unreliable or is subject to significant doubt . Where a customs authority determines that information it has received from the other customs authority under this Decision is inaccurate , it is to take all measures it deems appropriate to safeguard against erroneous reliance on such information , including supplementation , deletion , or correction of such information . Compliance with provisions in this Section by each customs authority is subject to the independent oversight and review by their respective relevant authority ( for the US side , the Department of Homeland Security 's Chief Privacy Officer ; for the EU , the European Data Protection Supervisor and the EU Member States data protection authorities ) . These authorities have effective powers of oversight , investigation , intervention and review , and have power to refer violations of law for prosecution or disciplinary action , where appropriate .
L453	Section VI Review The JCCC reviews the implementation of this Decision regularly . Section VII General acknowledgements This Decision aims to implement provisions of the CMAA and of the Agreement between the European Community and the United States of America on intensifying and broadening the CMAA to include cooperation on container security and related matters of 28 April 2004 . I got news for you , Mulder . Who is he ? Same guy with the pouch . Yeah . Mulder , it 's me . Listen to me . Whatever 's in that rock , it appears to be lethal . What is it ? Dr. Sacks , he's-- I 've never seen this before . I do n't know if he 's dead or alive . You 'd better find out . Look , I 'm gon na be out of the barn in an hour . Is there somewhere I can fill it ? That mean something to you ? Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! But I 'm fine with how a blast of rock salt to your face wo n't kill you . Now you 're gon na tell me who you are ... ... and what the fuck you 're doing on my farm . Time travel has n't been invented yet ... ... but in 30 years , it will have been . It 's gon na be used by these criminal ... You 're a looper ?
L454	If you get this call , could you give me a call back on this phone ? Thank you . You were right-- Home cooking . It 's harder to say no when everybody from around the way . Besides , you brought a better deal with you . Oh , I 'm not sure anyone in that shop is even interested in a better deal , if you catch my drift . Saving the city money does n't seem to be anybody 's idea of a priority . It does n't happen without you extending yourself . Thanks . Family member or legal representation for the defendant in the courtroom ? Here , your honor . I 'm sorry that I put you back here . - No , you ai n't . No , you ai n't . Been along time . So I says to myself , " This be the work of a white , respectable burglar . " Yeah , sure . I ... John , if I may interject here and speak freely for a second . And you , sir , if I ai n't mistaken , you 're Mr Nukes , right ? First US Attorney , John Nukes . " Blood in , blood out . " I talk to Nukes daily , so I 'm running point here . It 'll all be in my report , I do n't mean ... The database operation was successful .
L455	The database operation failed to position on the object needed to restart the search operation . The database operation failed to find another candidate for the search operation . The value returned by this database operation has been truncated . The database operation is not allowed on back link attributes . The database operation failed . The database operation failed to find any more deleted records . The database operation failed to create a sort table . The filter for this database operation can not be optimized . The database operation can not be performed on attributes with this syntax . The database cursor is not positioned on the correct value . The database operation can be performed only on linked attributes . The database operation failed with an unexpected exception . The Lisbon strategy and industrial parks The Lisbon Strategy identifies promotion of the dissemination of innovation and technology , as well as the application and commercial exploitation of R&D results as priority tasks , in the interests of growth , employment and sustainability . Industrial parks and the accompanying organisational structures are playing an increasingly important role in helping to fulfil the organisational , financial and legal conditions for this to happen . Industrial parks have a key role to play in promoting innovation . Whew . I did n't see that . Well , that was n't so bad , was it , Roy ? Where were you ? Yeah , never better . Wow . He did n't stay down .
L456	Mr. Brennan , who do you believe took your son ? You people ca n't help me . My boy is never coming back . Excuse me ? You know something you 're not talking about . Okay . All right . You know what they say , 72 hours . After that , the odds of finding a missing person drop to nothing , right ? It 's been weeks . Listen ... ... call us if anything comes to mind . You ca n't fire Mistii just because she 's not talented . Yeah , I 'm not really playing Mia . Oh , it 's nice to see again . Regulation ( EC ) No 1907/2006 concerning the Registration , Evaluation , Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals ( REACH ) SMEs tell us that : They have concerns about the complexity and cost of information obligations , inconsistent application by Member States and a lack of coherence with specific chemicals legislation such as Restrictions of Hazardous Substances ( RoHS ) , biocides , endocrine disruptors and Toy Safety . Commission response : The Commission has carried out a comprehensive review of REACH which included an analysis of links and possible overlaps with other EU legislation affecting chemicals , as well as particular difficulties for SMEs .
L457	In addition , further implementation guidance is being prepared and the European Chemicals Agency ( ECHA ) has appointed an SME Ambassador at the request of the Commission to integrate the specific needs of SMEs across its activities and to provide an interlocutor for stakeholders . In the present case , it was found that the complaint lodged by the Community industry was sufficiently supported by prima facie evidence , consequently the initiation of the present proceeding was fully justified . In accordance with Article 9(1 ) of the basic Regulation an anti - dumping proceeding may be terminated in case the complaint is withdrawn unless such termination would not be in the Community interest . As mentioned above in recital 12 , however , there was no evidence or information available that a termination of the proceeding would not be in the Community interest . When examining the Community interest , and in accordance with Article 21 of the basic Regulation , the interests of the exporting producers can not be taken in consideration . Therefore , it was concluded that there was no reason to continue the investigation , and accordingly , the proceeding should be terminated without formal determinations concerning the existence or absence of dumping and injury nor any other aspect of the investigation .
L458	Official Journal C 308/6 De ISSN 1725 - 2423 Official Journal of the European Union C 308 English edition Information and Notices Volume 48 6 December 2005 Notice No Contents page I Information European Parliament 2005/C 308/1 Implementing rules relating to Regulation ( EC ) No 45/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data by the Community institutions and bodies and on the free movement of such data - Bureau decision of 22 June 2005 Commission 2005/C 308/2 Euro exchange rates 2005/C 308/3 Authorisation for State aid pursuant to Articles 87 and 88 of the EC Treaty - Cases where the Commission raises no objections 2005/C 308/4 Non - opposition to a notified concentration ( Case COMP / M.3874 - CVC / Ruhrgas Industries ) ( 1 ) 2005/C 308/5 Non - opposition to a notified concentration ( Case COMP / M.3949 - Shell / ERG / Ionio Gas / JV ) ( 1 ) 2005/C 308/6 Non - opposition to a notified concentration ( Case COMP / M.3976 - Mobilkom Austria / ONE / Paybox ) ( 1 ) Pursuant to Article 24(8 ) of the Regulation , further implementing rules shall be adopted by each Community institution or body in accordance with the provisions set out in the Annex to the Regulation . The implementing rules shall concern in particular the Data Protection Officer 's tasks , duties and powers .
L459	Then it 's all over Do whatever you want Do n't come here anymore If you do , I wo n't even see you We 're finished I 'm disappointed in you Mamoru san , wait Wait ! What 's going on ? Costs 98 Under Article 87(2 ) of the Rules of Procedure , the unsuccessful party is to be ordered to pay the costs if they have been applied for in the successful party 's pleadings . hereby : 1 ) Annuls Commission decision CMS / cms D(2012)/00008 of 8 February 2012 , rejecting the tender submitted by European Dynamics Luxembourg SA and Evropaïki Dynamiki - Proigmena Systimata Tilepikoinonion Pliroforikis kai Tilematikis AE in the closed tendering procedure EuropeAid/131431/C / SER / AL . L_2005108EN.01006301.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 108/63 COMMISSION REGULATION ( EC ) No 672/2005 of 28 April 2005 fixing the maximum reduction in the duty on maize imported in connection with the invitation to tender issued in Regulation ( EC ) No 487/2005 THE COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES , Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , Having regard to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1784/2003 of 29 September 2003 on the common organisation of the market in cereals ( 1 ) , and in particular Article 12(1 ) thereof , Whereas :
L460	It seems there are gaps in the front - line , Frankie . That 's my definition . Boom ? Somebody who would want to kill Sidorov . Not a lot of people crazy enough to do that . Okay , one man-- Andrei Kirkin . I know . J.Lo looked so in love . I really thought it was gon na last this time . Get it ? Not really . Yeah . Yeah , we 'll get through it , though . One way or another . So , uh , it 's that Catalina time of year again . Oh , thank God we do n't have to do that anymore . Actually , I was thinking maybe I would take the kids . You 're taking the kids to Catalina without me ? If that 's okay . It 's a little weird , Mel . I thought one of the upsides of my parents ' divorce was that nobody got custody of Catalina . I wanted to go to oxnard with you and your family . Yeah . Oxnard sucks . Answer me ! Who 's first ? Three stones . Three of us . We'il get out of this . Why did I ever let you talk me into coming here ? ! South wall . What are you doing ? Oh , sorry . The reflection thingthat you do n't have . Angel , how do you shave ?
L461	South wall , that 's near the college and ... the fraternity house ! 67 It is against that background that the Bundesverwaltungsgericht decided to stay the proceedings and to refer , in each of the cases before it , the following five questions - the first and fifth of which differ slightly on account of the particular facts of each of those cases - to the Court for a preliminary ruling : The secondary school also runs the Children Traffic Training Field in Liberec , at Lužická street 147/38 ( telephone number : 488880499 ) and ensures the cooperation of traffic education at primary schools for the whole District of Liberec . The school started to participate in international projects in the mid 90´s of the last century . ( f ) adopting , as appropriate , working procedures on regulatory cooperation and transparency for all activities referred to in Article 4 which are not otherwise developed by Joint Sectorial Committees . It will be available : from the Europa competition web site ( http://europa.eu.int/comm/competition/mergers/cases/ ) free of charge . " An old skinny animal , but a good dinner for late winter , " he said , " and I 'm just as glad we did n't get a breeding doe . Innovative nature , technical complementarity and avoidance of duplication of other existing actions at EU level ( 6 points ) :
L462	They had some positive relationship , enough , anyway , that when Norwood was cornered at Bharaputra 's , he remembered her . And trusted her enough to ship her the cryo - chamber . Remember , Norwood was also under the impression at this time that House Fell was our ally . Because the Durona Group works for House Fell . " " Wait a minute , " said Quinn instantly . Mark held up a restraining hand . About ninety or a hundred years ago - " We have a mission to complete . Any questions ? Something to drink ? Yeah , I 'll have coffee - Ok , you ? Brenda ? You want something to drink ? Soda pop . Great . He 's not gon na make it . Shut up ! If he thinks that we failed he 's gon na kill us both . You just keep working . If he asks anything , stall him . Submissions of declarations of disease - free status of zones or compartments , as provided for in Article 50(2 ) of Directive 2006/88/EC , shall be in conformity with the model forms set out in Annexes IV and V to this Decision . Appropriations 2008 Appropriations 2007 Outturn 2006 31 01 03 04 Other working expenditure Figures ( Non - differentiated appropriations ) Appropriations 2008 Appropriations 2007 Outturn 2006 Remarks This appropriation covers expenditure in respect of the equipment needed for the operation of the Commission 's conference rooms .
L463	Appropriations to cover the equivalent expenditure in respect of research are entered under various items in Article 01 05 of the titles concerned . Legal basis Council Directive 89/391/EEC of 12 June 1989 on the introduction of measures to encourage improvements in the safety and health of workers at work ( OJ L 183 , 29.6.1989 , p. 1 ) , as last amended by Directive 2007/30/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council ( OJ L 165 , 27.6.2007 , p. 21 ) . Council Directive 90/270/EEC of 29 May 1990 on the minimum safety and health requirements for work with display - screen equipment ( fifth individual Directive within the meaning of Article 16(1 ) of Directive 89/391/EEC ) ( OJ L 156 , 21.6.1990 , p. 14 ) , as amended by Directive 2007/30/EC ( OJ L 165 , 27.6.2007 , p. 21 ) . Disciplinary procedures Notes that , because of their size , individual agencies have difficulty in setting up ad - hoc disciplinary boards composed of staff at the appropriate career grade and that the Commission 's IDOC ( Investigation and Disciplinary Office ) is not competent for agencies ; calls on the agencies to consider an inter - agency disciplinary board ; Construction has not yet started . underConstruction under construction The facility is under construction and not yet functional . This applies only to the initial construction of the facility and not to maintenance work .
L464	To stand here and tell you everything is okay ? Is that what you want ? This is what he does to people , Elise ... he uses them , he manipulates them ... You broke your mother 's heart ... Fuck you ! Huh ? What did you say ? Use her like one of your little whores ? You just kept pushing her ! I hate you ! Get the fuck off him ... get the fuck away ! They ... They said I could choose me own name . That 's right . I 've moved on . That 's enough . # Get hot # Get too close to the flame ... # It 's nice getting air . I could tell you were claustrophobic in there . Oh , look , they 're shooting something . Definitely not . Me , either . Want to walk to New York ? It has everything . 4.3 Option 3 : Revision of legislation , encompassing inland waterways The existing EU legislation on dangerous goods transport will be revised and simplified , the framework directives merged and the scope of the legislation extended to inland waterway transport in terms of ADN . Section 5 : ANALYSIS OF IMPACT 5.1 Likely economic , social and environmental impact of policy options The policy options have varying degrees of economic , social and environmental impact , although the impact in general appears to be quite small .
L465	It is beyond dispute that the transport of dangerous goods requires rules which ensure that these operations are carried out in such a way that the risk to the general public , the environment and the workers involved in the transport operations is minimised . Option 1 would effectively not change policies or rules . Option 2 adds the element of inland waterways to option 1 . Like transport of dangerous goods by road and rail , transport on inland waterways can not take place without rules ensuring safe transport and minimising the risk to society at large , the workers involved and the environment . Rules are in place governing international transport operations in the Rhine ( ADN - R ) and Danube ( ADN - D ) areas and national operations in those countries endowed with inland waterways where dangerous goods are transported on them . Depending on the nature of the international agreements concerned , international rules are either binding or not ; in the latter case , other rules may be put in place . National rules supplement those in place for international operations . Although it is appreciated that many Member States have been trying to align national rules with international ones , it remains a fact that a panoply of rules still exists , in particular in an enlarged Community . No no no . I did n't get you that shit . Grandma ? No . My mom ?
L466	My dream has been to move to California just like my uncle did , fight the best fighters from all over the world . These shoes make me feel like I 'm floating on the air . I love my mom . Or at least I try to . I try to enjoy these times . Hey ! Aah ! And do n't bother telling me I should n't know . He ran fingers through his own hair , dark where hers was platinum blond . " And I think what I suspect is exactly what you 're thinking . High Ridge has been treating them like servants , the Erewhonese are having second thoughts about their alliance with Manticore , and now that Haven has a new government they 're giving us a second look . " She nodded . Kevin pursed his lips . " Guthrie 's our ambassador on Erewhon , and that 's not good . He 's a second - rater at best . Nothing wrong with him , exactly , but not much really right either . The kind of guy who 'd react to a tricky opportunity like this by worrying about how it might screw up his career . " Pritchart nodded again . " And the officer in charge of the FIS mission there - Jacqueline Pallier , I do n't believe you know her - is no better , trust me .
L467	This Directive shall not prevent the non - discriminatory application by Member States of regulatory charges specifically designed to reduce traffic congestion or combat environmental impacts , including poor air quality , on any roads located in an urban area , including trans - European network roads crossing urban areas . « Legal professions - General information | Denmark - General information » Last update : 25 - 07 - 2007 Regulation ( EC ) No 3223/94 lays down , pursuant to the outcome of the Uruguay Round multilateral trade negotiations , the criteria whereby the Commission fixes the standard values for imports from third countries , in respect of the products and periods stipulated in the Annex thereto . In compliance with the above criteria , the standard import values must be fixed at the levels set out in the Annex to this Regulation , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION : Dr. Bailey , what 's wrong ? He 's perforated . Ca n't you just use antibiotics ? Not his research . Suction . you did really good with ts kid today , karev . Impressive , which is funny , 'cause I would n't think That you 'd be good in peds just by looking at you . Okay , fine . I do n't like mark ... At all . Ugh . Take jake here . You think his dad was happy When jake wanted ballet shoes for christmas and not cleats ? Mark stares at my boobs when we talk .
L468	Diarrhoea is the most common problem , but malaria has become a common problem in terms of diagnosis , treatment and cost to the countries that tourists return to . Without protection , tourists run the risk of Hepatitis A infection and sexually transmitted diseases , including HIV . His name is new year 's resolution board . Hello . Good morning . Good morning . What happened ? Look at those . Mittens . Those a present ? Come on . They 're warm . Let me feel that . Put her there . Give me a good firm one . It need only be added here that by virtue of the clarification in Article 1(3 ) , the rules of the section on recognition also apply to the judgments of the Court of Justice of the European Communities when the question arises of their recognition in States that are not members of the European Community . Yes , and afterward he gave me a nice , warm hug . I 'm sure you deserved it . Speaking of urine ... First impressions are n't always right . They usually are . You 're getting better acquainted , I hear ? This has been a very long day . Gregers ... Tikken . What are you doing ? The full list of these medicines is given in the package leaflet . Why has Irbesartan Hydrochlorothiazide Zentiva been approved ?
L469	For more information about treatment with Irbesartan Hydrochlorothiazide Zentiva , read the package leaflet ( also part of the EPAR ) or contact your doctor or pharmacist . This summary was last updated in 07 - 2013 . Irbesartan Hydrochlorothiazide Zentiva Page 3/3 C_2007076EN.01000301.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union C 76/3 Publication of decisions by Member States to grant or revoke operating licenses pursuant to Article 13(4 ) of Council Regulation ( EEC ) No 2407/92 on licensing of air carriers ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( Text with EEA relevance ) Official Journal L 154 , 21/06/2003 P. 0112 - 0113 Commission Decision of 20 June 2003 on certain protection measures with regard to monkey pox virus ( notified under document number C(2003 ) 7 . MARKETING AUTHORISATION HOLDER There were photos of two teenaged boys on the bureau in the bedroom the detective had used , but I guessed his kids never used the other , they never came to visit . I moved slowly through these rooms and the hallway bathroom but I saw nothing that I thought mattered to the investigation . I secretly hoped I would come upon something that would help and that would impress Rachel , but I came up empty . When I stepped back into the living room I saw neither Rachel nor Thompson . " Rachel ? " No answer . I walked through the dining room to the kitchen but it was empty .
L470	Article 3 This Regulation shall enter into force on the day of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 19 January 2012 . This Decision shall be without prejudice to the results of the environmental impact assessment of projects , plans or programmes which define the future authorisation framework for such projects . The results of the environmental impact assessments , where such an assessment is requested in accordance with relevant Community legislation , shall be taken into consideration before a decision on the carrying out of the projects is actually taken in accordance with the relevant Community legislation . Article 14 Committee procedure 1 . ( c ) to encourage exchanges of knowledge and experience and joint initiatives , by means of international cooperation between research and training institutes , agricultural and environmental organisations and the media . CHAPTER II SPECIFIC MEASURES Article 7 Encouragement of mountain farming 1 . Support shall be given , in particular , to farms ensuring a minimum of agricultural activity in extreme locations . Daniel , there 's been an incident . There is this most amazing light Barber 's dead . What ? Come on . Did Lieutenant Barber show signs of depression on the mission ? The opposite . Buddy Israel ? Go ahead . Now , what I heard downstairs is they got a guy . Some Swede . Swede .
L471	Their freetime they employed to trips into surroundings of Bohemian - Saxon frontier , where they made many paintings and engravings of natural beauties ( some of them we can see in Dresden galleries ) . They were so excited from landscape , that they refused to return to Switzerland with justification , that they found their " Switzerland " there . After origin of indenpendent Czechoslovak republic in 1918 name Bohemian ( Czech ) Switzerland arose for local part of whole region too . History of region The oldest archeological finds - evidence of settlement of region - are dated into epoch of mezolit , so they are about 10 000 years old . These finds are mostly flint´s tools and chaffs , that were discovered below overhangs in depth around one meter . Till today were discovered 4 mezolit´s settlement localities . " Chani is with child . " " My enemies fed her a subtle poison , " Paul said . " It will be a difficult birth . Her health will not permit her to accompany me now . " Before Scytale could still them , strange emotions passed over the girl - features : frustration , anger . Scytale was reminded that every victim must have a way of escape -- even such a one as Muad'dib . This Atreides remained in the net . He 'd destroy himself before changing into the opposite of that pattern . That had been the way with the Tleilaxu kwisatz haderach .
L472	' What are they supposed to be ? ' he asked , pointing at the jackets . He believes that if a nation is strong , there is no need to conquer other nations . Those nations will come to him to trade , to seek protection , to be aligned with greatness . His power base will grow by accretion , not war . " " So General Amadori does n't want to be like Hitler , " Aideen said . " What we may be seeing is the start of an effort to make Amadori the absolute leader of Castile and to make Castile the military hub of a new Spain . A hub which will dictate to the other regions . A publicly available list of medicinal products subject to additional monitoring should be kept up to date by the European Medicines Agency established by Regulation ( EC ) No 726/2004 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 March 2004 laying down Community procedures for the authorisation and supervision of medicinal products for human and veterinary use and establishing a European Medicines Agency ( 6 ) ( hereinafter referred to as the ' Agency' ) .
L473	Following an analysis of that data , the Commission should , if appropriate , make proposals to improve the layout and content of the summaries of product characteristics and of the package leaflets to ensure that they represent a valuable source of information for healthcare professionals and the general public respectively . Experience has shown that the responsibilities of marketing authorisation holders with regard to pharmacovigilance of authorised medicinal products should be clarified . The marketing authorisation holder should be responsible for continuously monitoring the safety of its medicinal products , for informing the authorities of any changes that might impact on the marketing authorisation , and for ensuring that the product information is kept up to date . As medicinal products could be used outside the terms of the marketing authorisation , the marketing authorisation holder 's responsibilities should include providing all available information , including the results of clinical trials or other studies , as well as reporting any use of the medicinal product which is outside the terms of the marketing authorisation . In order to ensure close cooperation between the Member States in the area of pharmacovigilance , the mandate of the coordination group set up by Article 27 of Directive 2001/83/EC should be enlarged to include the examination of questions related to the pharmacovigilance of all medicinal products authorised by the Member States .
L474	How about this ? First time we catch her drinking with her friends , we 'll be super cool about it . Then we raised a nerd . Take that , blorgon . Good show , Inspector . Oh , wow , there are 50 years of these , huh ? Yeah , is n't it great ? We can go anywhere and any time in the universe . But it will probably be London during the Blitz . Oh , I think I finally got Abed to agree to let you come to the Inspector Spacetime Convention . Yay . Requests for subsequent verification of proof of origin issued under the preferential agreements or autonomous arrangements in force between Morocco and a new Member State may be presented by the competent customs authorities of either Morocco or the new Member States and accepted by them for a period of three years after the issue of the proof of origin concerned . The provisions of the Euro - Mediterranean Agreement may be applied to goods exported either from Morocco to one of the new Member States or from one of the new Member States to Morocco which comply with the provisions of Protocol 4 and which , on the date of accession , are either en route or in temporary storage , in a customs warehouse or in a free zone in Morocco or in that new Member State . A meeting was also held with the French authorities on 18 November 2010 .
L475	Finally , additional information was forwarded to the Commission by e - mails dated 21 December 2010 and 22 February 2011 . ( below : ' FSI' ) , the FMEA and CDC Entreprises ( the FMEA management company ) ( point II.1 below ) and the company Trèves and the measures taken in relation to it ( point II.2 below ) . Finally , the reasons will be set out leading to the initiation of the formal investigation procedure regarding the FMEA investment and the tax and social security debt rescheduling plan ( point II.3 below ) . Shortly afterwards , the FSI , in partnership with the PSA Peugeot Citroën group ( below : ' PSA' ) and the Renault group ( below : ' Renault' ) , set up the FMEA . The FSI is 49 % owned by the French Government and 51 % by the Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations ( below : ' CDC' ) . Efforts by Member States have been limited so far at the level of separate national interoperability , which is now implemented in most countries with electronic tolling systems . A step change in the sense of pan - European interoperability is required for a timely delivery of EETS at fair , reasonable and non - discriminatory access conditions . - Most Member States still have to complete the national framework so that potential EETS providers know how to register in practice and where to complain in case of obstructive behaviour of Toll Chargers .
L476	- Some Toll Chargers are proposing a contractual clause which automatically ends the contract if the EETS provider has not reached full European coverage within 24 months[16 ] . Such a clause sets a considerable business risk and discourages potential EETS providers . This was not the legislator 's intention , which was to prevent that an EETS Provider would concentrate only on the most profitable markets and unduly delay its coverage of the others . The loss of the status of EETS provider depends on public authorities and should be decided only if there is no genuine intention from the part of the concerned organisation to reach full European coverage . - The aggregated costs for assessing interoperability and carrying out " suitability for use " tests required by certain Toll Chargers from an EETS Provider may constitute a barrier to business entry . But as explained before , professional stakeholders should use the options offered in the Eurovignette legislation to mitigate the possible financial risks of Toll Chargers and EETS Providers . - A number of running concession contracts may need to be amended . For instance Toll Chargers may need to adjust the toll rates to be able to finance the necessary investments they must do to adapt their infrastructure . In the case of road tolling , concession contracts for levying tolls are between a Toll Charger and the Member State or an agency working under direct control of public authorities .
L477	Therefore the responsibility for making possible the implementation of EETS on their territory lies primarily with the Member State concerned who can amend the existing concession contracts if necessary . Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data ( OJ L 281 , 23.11.1995 , p. 31 ) . Why are men like that ? Believe me , I have no idea . We had two wonderful years together until she arrived . And now You loved him very much ? Then perhaps you could explain something ? I made mistake ! But her dearest passenger would require Tubman 's most ingenious plan to date . WOMAN : She chose to disguise President Lincoln in blackface and travel with him along one of her many secret slave routes . " Win ! Conquer ! Kill the Yankees ! ' LEE : " was a secret emancipationist . " However , the noble gentleman " knows more of military matters than civil affairs . Stay down ! Give me a kiss . Anything I can do ? Go and get some sleep . Your Honour , defense will demonstrate that for several reasons ... ... this written evidence should not be taken into consideration . Your mother wants you to come for dinner on Sunday . With the kids . Bye , honey . Sorry .
L478	Implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 543/2011 lays down , pursuant to the outcome of the Uruguay Round multilateral trade negotiations , the criteria whereby the Commission fixes the standard values for imports from third countries , in respect of the products and periods stipulated in Annex XVI , Part A thereto . The standard import value is calculated each working day , in accordance with Article 136(1 ) of Implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 543/2011 , taking into account variable daily data . Therefore this Regulation should enter into force on the day of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION : Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on the day of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 4 February 2013 . Amy ? NO ! Amy ? Amy ? What happened ? It 's OK . He 's gone now and we 're here . - No ! Take it easy ! What 's he doing ? Run . Run ! The measure concerning the payment of insurance premiums to insure crops and products includes the following adverse climatic events which can be assimilated to natural disasters : spring frost , hail , lightning , fire caused by lightning , storm and floods . But during the battle for the third , he had been recognized .
L479	The element of surprise had now vanished , and after talking with Hellscream and Doomhammer , it was decided that it would be too risky for Thrall to continue to pose as just another prisoner . " It is your spirit , my friend , that has roused us . His eyes blazed with what Thrall now knew to be demonic hellfire . " I can not sit safely behind our lines , letting everyone else face the danger while I shirk it , " Thrall replied . " We are not suggesting that , " said Doomhammer . " But the tactic we have utilized has now become too dangerous . " " Humans talk , " said Thrall , recalling all the rumors and stories he had heard while training . The human trainees had thought him too stupid to comprehend , and had spoken freely in his presence . The thought still rankled , but he had welcomed the knowledge . " The orcs in the prisons can not help but overhear how the other camps have been freed . Even if they do not care to listen , they will know that something is afoot . Even if I am not there physically to tell them of the way of the shaman , we can hope that somehow our message has gotten through . Once the way is clear , let us hope they will find their own paths to freedom . " Good .
L480	The prohibition set out in Article 3a(1 ) shall be suspended until 7 July 2015 in so far as it concerns the transport of Iranian crude oil . The label must bear the words 'Castagne secche Marrone di Caprese Michelangelo ' and ' Denominazione di Origine Protetta' in larger lettering than any other information , together with the words ' Prodotto della Montagna' . The PDO logo and the business name of the packing station are obligatory . No . Nothing . Well , see what 's on it . Must be from a real estate agent . It 's OK . It 's OK . I had a dream last night . You were inside the house ... Fred ! Fred ! " Housekeeping , " she said . " I am sorry I 'm so late today but it 's been a busy day . Tomorrow I 'll do your room first . " EN Official Journal of the European Union L 176/30 COMMISSION DECISION of 15 June 2005 amending Annexes I and II to Decision 2002/308/EC establishing lists of approved zones and approved farms with regard to one or more of the fish diseases viral haemorrhagic septicaemia ( VHS ) and infectious haematopoietic necrosis ( IHN ) 13 . ( 4)OJ No L 314 , 15.11.1973 , p.
L481	Skills to communicate constructively in different environments , express and understand different viewpoints negotiate with the ability to create confidence , and feel empathy are the core of this competence . 25 Ms Danosa submitted before that court that , after her appointment , she had correctly discharged her professional duties as provided for in LKB 's articles of association and the rules governing its Board of Directors . She also argued that , since she had received remuneration for her work and had been granted the right to take holidays , it was reasonable to assume the existence of an employment relationship . Given that she was 11 weeks pregnant at the time , her dismissal was in breach of Article 109 of the Labour Code , under which the dismissal of pregnant workers is prohibited . What ? Get that ass moving ! Riddick ? Remember what I said about not caring if I lived or died ? You knew I was kidding , right ? One speed . Your rope . It 's too late . Give me your rope ! All of it ! Run ! Riddick ! Where the hell is that hangar ? Listen . Illustrated version : 6010 Kb There is also a special internet version of this booklet Europe : a continent with thousands of years of history , a rich cultural heritage and some of the world 's most breathtaking scenery .
L482	If you drive , your driving licence and motor insurance policy issued in one EU country are valid in all the others . And you can use your mobile phone everywhere . For more information , helpful tips and a map of Europe , see inside . I apply some force F. That 's my force F. 62 . ( 13 ) OJ L 181 , 29.6.2013 , p. 85 First , even though the applicants state that they market only one product , namely Ensolv , they give no indication of the proportion of their total turnover represented by their Community sales of Ensolv . It is thus not established that the applicants do not make sales outside the Community which would allow them to survive until the Court gives judgment in the main action . 86 Second , the applicants adduce no evidence relating to their current financial situation . In the absence of any such evidence , there is nothing to suggest that , even if they were to have to discontinue their business in the Community entirely , they would not have financial reserves allowing them to survive until the Court gives judgment in the main action . 87 In the light of the material in the case file , the classification of nPB as a highly flammable substance can not be regarded as having serious and irreparable consequences for the applicants' financial and commercial situation .
L483	89 Further , in so far as the applicants maintain that the classification of nPB as a category 2 reproductive toxicant could cause them to lose market shares , they have not sufficiently established that there will actually be a loss , or the seriousness of the loss , or that there are obstacles of a structural or legal nature preventing them from recovering a significant proportion of any market shares which they might lose ( see paragraph 83 above ) . 90 Finally , as regards the effects of the new authorisation procedure which will apply under the ' REACH programme' , it must be stated that the regulations cited by the applicants have not yet been adopted and that any harm which might result is consequently purely hypothetical . Applicants can therefore turn to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic , which will mediate on the basis of a given agreement to pay maintenance where the debtor lives in another country . Via the Ministry of Justice of the Czech Republic , the court then contacts the competent judicial authority abroad , to which it submits the case . Still awake ? - Yeah . What 's up ? When I realised we were off to Top Gun , all I could think about was that trophy . I 've got to be straight with you , Mav . Right now , I just hope we graduate . I got a family to think about .
L484	I ca n't afford to blow this . I guess that fly - by was n't such a big hit , huh ? The Academy rejected you because you 're Duke Mitchell 's kid . It makes me nervous . You 're the only family I 've got . I promise . Oh . Hi . Hi , poochie . Cardiac disorders Applications for petroleum production licences shall be submitted to : The Ministry of Petroleum and Energy PO Box 8148 Dep . N-0033 Oslo by 7 November 2008 . The award of petroleum production licences in the 20th Licensing Round on the Norwegian Continental Shelf is planned to take place during spring of 2009 . I 'm sorry . Please , go ahead . If two people care enough for each other , the rest of the world disappears to them . I feel that when I 'm with you . Angela Montenegro ... will you marry me ? Dear man , good heart ... No . Why ? How ? Oh , you 're not gon na tell me . But when you ask me , I have to have this ... this feeling . I agree with that . Will you ask your master if he wants to join my court at Camelot ? But then , of course , African swallows are nonmigratory . Wait a minute . Supposing two swallows carried it together ! No , they 'd have to have it on a line . Simple .
L485	Ninepence . I 'm not dead ! What ? - Nothing . I 'm not dead ! - Here . Now , if you will excuse me ... I have to not speak to you people any longer . Thank you . Fifteen thousand kilometres and closing . Ten thousand kilometres and closing . And then there 's the use of this ... agent , a Mr. M. Kruger . We made it explicitly clear to you ... that we are no longer using sleeper agents . I understand that it is not the fashion to think and to act as I do . I understand that perfectly . But when they come for your house ... for the house you built for your children ... and your children 's children ... it wo n't be PR and campaign promises that keep them out . It will be me . Miporol . Do you have any idea how many idiots come in here ... saying the same kind of bullshit ? I got little kids coming in here every day . Max , if I were you ... I 'd get the fuck out of here right now . This ... my friend ... This can be your ticket up there . A third - generation exo - suit . ( 4 ) Regulation ( EC ) No 110/2008 repeals Council Regulation ( EEC ) No 1576/89[9 ] which is incorporated into the Agreement and is therefore to be repealed under the Agreement .
L486	Thls mornlng the psychlatrlst Dr. Herman Von Kosseritz was found dead . The same vlolent marks ... of the prevlous cases were found on hls body . B - b - but you 're not my aunt . I 'm not having lunch at home today . We need to educate our boy a bit better . Orthostatic hypotension Respiratory distress ( including pneumonitis and pulmonary oedema ) Intrahepatic cholestasis , jaundice Medicinal product no longer authorised This medicinal product is subject to additional monitoring . QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE COMPOSITION What kind of a choice is that ? You do n't understand , Gianni . Besides , I 'd be willing to leave your community . I 'll be at the blackjack table nearest the front door ... tomorrow afternoon at 6.00 . If I decide to make the exchange . If you do n't ... at 6.15 that 's you . Think it over . Life is short . Hey , Frank . Cheap jerks . Huh ? For more information , see " View or run report output versions " on page 60 . No ! This would n't have happen if Grouchy was here . Every Smurf , plays an important part , you see ? Yeah , I see . Not yet , you do n't . There we are , now , just the way Greedy likes it ... with a little pocket inside , to keep extra Smurfberries . Papa makes all of our hats , himself ...
L487	Grouchy , I made a hat I know you 'll love ... If , only you 'd give it a chance . Well , maybe this year . Papa , I did n't know . It 's time to go . Hey , Brainy ! Where did you go ? We 'll vote publicly . Me too . We voted publicly . You guys witnessed it . Mark it down , and we 'll see you when she wins . What ? Why ? Hey , Ruby , come here for a second please . What ? Just be , like , nicer to him . What ? Just Max . Just cut him a break . What are you talking about ? The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 60 concerning amendments to point 2(c ) of Annex VI . At the balance sheet date , a provision shall represent the best estimate of the expenses likely to be incurred or , in the case of a liability , of the amount required to meet that liability . Provisions shall not be used to adjust the values of assets . For the presentation of the profit and loss account , Member States shall prescribe one or both of the layouts set out in Annexes V and VI . If a Member State prescribes both layouts , it may permit undertakings to choose which of the prescribed layouts to adopt . He could die ! Law ?
L488	He got out , then reached back into the car and picked up the mystif . Floccus said as he led the way towards the tents . I understand . " As they approached , Gentle realized that what he 'd taken to be an encampment of closely gathered tents was in fact a continuum , the various pavilions , with their swooping roofs , joined by smaller tents to form a single golden beast of wind and canvas . Tremors moved through even the most tautly erected walls , and in the heights of the roof swaths of fabric whirled like the skirts of dervishes , giving off a constant sigh . There were people up among the folds , some walking on webs of rope as if they were solid board , others sitting in front of immense windows opened in the roof , their faces turned to the wall of the First World as though they anticipated a summons out of that place at any moment . If such a summons came , there 'd be no hectic rush . The atmosphere was as measured and soothing as the motion of the dancing sails above . That was n't the answer to the question I asked . The charge is " conspiring to set free " a man convicted of crimes against the Crown and Empire " and condemned to death , for which the ... " Perhaps you remember a certain pirate named Jack Sparrow . Captain . Captain Jack Sparrow .
L489	Captain , I think the crew , meaning me as well , were expecting something a bit more ... shiny , with the Isla de Muerta going pear - shaped , reclaimed by the sea with the treasure . And the Royal Navy chasing us around the Atlantic . And the hurricane . Aye . All in all , it seems some time since we did a speck of honest pirating . That perhaps dear old Jack is not serving your best interests as captain ? No . Much more better . Now , Ben heard they were looking for Woodward 's research . Research ? Like a Geiger counter . That means they 're looking for someone . Now what does that mean ? Have you seen Lucy anywhere ? No . I 'm sure she 's around somewhere . I ate those . Sorry , kid . " The natural course of events will dispose of it , " she said . Her words did not smack of revelation . He said : " Your words leave me floundering . " " That is the true gift of the Scattering . " Waff fought to conceal the turmoil these words created . " Infinite universes , infinite time -- anything may happen , " he said . " Ahhh , you are a bright little manikin , " she said . " How does one allow for anything ? It is not logical . "
L490	And with the sound came smoky ghosts of unmade pictures , rising from him like steam . It was all one now . Always had been , in fact . Could it matter if now his biography , fleeing into nothingness , was taken as fiction ? Breer , unassuaged , began to berate the open wound of the corpse 's neck with the machete , slicing first down then sideways in an effort to cleave the enemy into smaller and yet smaller pieces . An arm was summarily lopped off ; he picked it up to sever hand from wrist , forearm from upper arm . " Look at him go ! " said the American boy , toasting the bloodbath with Whitehead 's vodka . It was all over . Article 2 Consideration of report 1 . Parliament shall consider a report from the committee responsible concerning discharge by 30 April of the year following the adoption of the Court of Auditors ' Annual Report as required by the Financial Regulation . Since the beginning of 2007 , CEN has been working on a training programme on the incorporation of environmental standards within CEN standards . You won ? Oh , yeah . Oh , nothing left but smoke and metal and bruised geek egos . Yeah , plus 400 bucks cash prize for first place . Thought I could help out a little bit with the property tax bill .
L491	Dinner 's served . Can we make way over here ? Thank you , Billy ! I 'll give you an old carton right here . Good morning , Harv . Get me fired ? Harv , I did n't get you fired , remember ? Promised me you 'll help me . It can also accept the amendments consequential upon the separate treatment , in a new Article -7a , of the procedures governing the notification of remedies , provided that the new Article -7a preserves the Commission 's prerogatives as guardian of the Treaty and offers an effective mechanism to ensure the consistent application of remedies . In the context of an overall compromise solution on Article 7 and -7a , guaranteeing effective cooperation between the Commission , [ the Body ] and national regulatory authorities and allowing the Commission to act where necessary to ensure the consistent application of remedies in the interests of the internal market , the Commission can also accept deletion of the power in paragraph 8 of its original proposal for it to require a national regulatory authority to impose a specific obligation . Article 1 , point 6 , of the amending act ; Minimum requirements and procedures to check the specific character : Shrugging phlegmatically , I made a note to let Barbousse handle that item , then fetched my tote bag from the shelf over my bunk . Clearly , I had plenty of work in store - and very little time to do it .
L492	At Dawn plus two , roughly five metacycles remained until my " ceremony " with Summers ; I resolved to use it productively . I dressed from my duffel bag in worn blue flight overalls , soft leather boots , a battered black leather Helmsman 's jacket , and a garrison cap with two small stars as the only indication of my flag rank . Then - just in case - I buckled on my Wenning .985 blaster in its leather holster . Grabbed a steaming , sweet cup of cvceese ' on my way through the VOQ lobby , then strode out into the early morning duskiness - where the star Hador was already clearing Atalanta 's spinward horizon with a swollen streak of burnt orange - and caught a grimy freight tram to the underground hangar . Why 'd he call the cops ? And you would do that for him ? That 's a very good question . You know if the County Fair 's in town ? Mrs. Wale , what wasyour husband 's connection to K - Ram Investments ? I 've never heard of it before today . Me , neither , and my brother and I were business partners . Real estate . We'il let you know . And we understand that Heather Rade is here ? Lan 's assistant ? Some demon of the night , perhaps ? A protector of peasants ? ' ' He is coming , ' she said .
L493	I talked with her . -You mean if she has hurt herself ? -Yeah . Midnight . WLB--530 -Wiktor , Louis , Bertel . And all that time , all during that ten years , the big unanswered question was , where was the crater that would have been produced when this comet or asteroid fell from the sky ? Finally , in 1991 , the great breakthrough took place . We learned about a huge crater below the surface of the Yucatan Peninsula that the Mexican oil geologists had discovered . It 's the biggest impact crater that 's formed on this planet in the last billion years . ( 6 ) See Amendment 7 in the Annex to this Opinion . Cf . paragraph 7.2 of Opinion CON/2012/21 and Article 1(6 ) to ( 8) of Regulation ( EU ) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Regulation ( EU ) No 648/2012 ( OJ L 173 , 12.6.2014 , p. 84 ) . Athens - Κarpathos Athens - Sitia Thessaloniki - Corfu Athens - Karpathos Three return flights a week , and a total of 150 seats a week in each direction throughout the winter . Seven return flights a week , and a total of 350 seats a week in each direction throughout the summer .
L494	You sleeping with a judge ? Oh , that guy ? No , no , I was dating him for a little while because he said he had an incurable disease . I did n't realize it was stupidity . Oh , I know what that 's like . One last thing . Wheat germ ! Wheat worms ... ? Oh ! That must be fancy talk for earthworms ! If you say so ... Free Muffin Sample Spectacular ! Yeah ! Muffin spectacles ! We came as soon as we heard ! Oh no ! It was a mishap with some of the baked goods . No ... Not baked goods ... In June 2008 , with a view to reinforcing their activities in the area , the Taliban leadership named him shadow Governor for the Zabul Province . 16.000 CZK / monthly 1627HG - LS Praha 7 33 m2 2 Under Article 25 of the Charter of the United Nations , ' [ t]he Members of the [ UN ] agree to accept and carry out the decisions of the Security Council in accordance with the present Charter' . ' The Security Council may decide what measures not involving the use of armed force are to be employed to give effect to its decisions , and it may call upon the Members of the United Nations to apply such measures .
L495	5 According to Article 103 of the Charter of the United Nations , ' [ i]n the event of a conflict between the obligations of the Members of the United Nations under the present Charter and their obligations under any other international agreement , their obligations under the present Charter shall prevail' . 6 In accordance with Article 11(1 ) EU : Hi . How are you ? OK . How are you ? What will you have ? A Screwdriver . I take it back . Too bad you could n't keep quiet about our sex life . It only gets better . You knew how I felt about her . He delivered the vaccines before they took him . They think he 's a spy . We have to disavow any knowledge of this . I know . Find a way . Get him back , Charleston . Yes , ma'am . Nick , this stalking thing is getting really old . It 's green . You okay ? Not even close . Whoever 's texting me ... us ... It 's one of my team . You can specify the report format in the run options page " Set Report Options for the Current Run " on page 72 , in the report properties " Entry Properties " on page 15 , or in your preferences " Personalize the Portal " on page 36 .
L496	When it is not specified in the report properties , the format specified in your preferences is used . You have ketchup stains all over you . How did they get there if they did n't fall from an open orifice ? Maybe I walked under a ketchup tree . Article 34(3 ) of the Staff Regulations , giving the appointing authority the discretion to dismiss a probationary official for professional inadequacy , and the time - limits it lays down may not be construed as meaning that that authority must , in any event , reach a decision before the end of the probationary period , and that it can lawfully dismiss a probationary official only before that period expires . However , the fact that the appointing authority is not obliged to act within a mandatory period does not exempt it from having to reach a decision within a reasonable period , for it is obliged to ensure that the situation of each official accords with the Staff Regulations . The period to be taken into consideration for assessing whether it has reached a decision within a reasonable period starts to run from the time when the end - of - probation report has been drawn up and communicated to the person concerned . It is in this manner and from this date that the probationary official is informed that the dismissal procedure has been initiated against him . ( see paras 41 , 44 - 45 )
L497	Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 115(5 ) : Jarosław Leszek Wałęsa , Daniel Caspary and Sandra Kalniete , on behalf of the PPE Group , on EU - Japan Trade relations ( B7 - 0287/2011 ) ; Vital Moreira , Gianluca Susta , David Martin and Emilio Menéndez del Valle , on behalf of the S&D Group , on EU - Japan trade relations ( B7 - 0288/2011 ) ; The debate closed . Vote : minutes of 11.5.2011 , item 5.18 . All right . Ava ? Boyd , you put it down . Are you really here to talk ? You come into my house , put your hands on my fiancée ? I 'm fine . Boyd , he 's telling the truth . Then nobody'll give a shit when they find his rotten corpse at the bottom of a mine shaft . Wait ! Boyd , wait ! He knows the combination to the vault . My men are either dead or in the wind ... every one of them . Maybe the old man 's there , maybe he 's not , but he 's one man . Sit down , please . Ana has something to tell you . No thank you . I got ta go to work . I thought you were going to the airport with us . I wanted you to be there . Have a nice day . Let 's go , sweetie .
L498	I 'll wait for you in the truck . Okay . Mama ? Come on , open the door . Come on , open the door . Mama , come out and give me your blessing , please . Directive 2009/33/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 April 2009 on the promotion of clean and energy - efficient road transport vehicles ( 1 ) is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement . ' 21av . Hollis ! I thought I told you to go out . Just tell me when . You wanna do this ? Vin , who you kidding ? Two , one . Nice . Hey , what the fuck was that ? Just wound 'em . Got 'em . John : Got another guy coming in . It 's like all you can think about is sex . Okay , so , Magnolia and I will be helping Shelby plan your birthday party . Oh , no , she does . Either she has the most penetrating understanding of human nature , or I 'm just shallow as hell , but either way , I 'm good . Lemonade , as long as you and Magnolia give her a chance , I do n't care what anyone else thinks . JONAH : I figured I 'd come to my favorite uncle 's birthday . That sounds good . I wish I could 've been here to personally see the demonic terror you unleashed on George Tucker .
L499	My girl is changing for the better . Well , I'm - I'm trying . This is Lemon 2.0 : If the name sounds familiar , it 's 'cause it 's the one you erased to steal my spot . Apology accepted . Brick ? Give me an eraser . Look , I do n't know what you 're talking about , but there 's plenty of spaces available on the classroom beautification committee . Ha . " Beautification . " Nice try . Brick . Yeah , you did , and you did n't even have the decency to erase the whole thing . Sorry , pal . Should have brought a pen . Brick ? He cheated . This is C.B.H.Central Brain of Humanity . The Earth Defence Council . Earth Defence Council requests to speak . We are on lunch break , I apologise . It is 10 degrees below zero . The evacuation suggested would mean taking humanity two centuries back . That is back to the times of over - population . But let 's be specific . 1 . we will lose 30 % of fertile land on the Southern Hemisphere . Excuse me ... Stop right now ! Leave Duffy alone ! Eva , be sensible ! No 2423/88 of 11 July 1988 on protection against dumped or subsidized imports from countries not members of the European Economic Community , OJ L 209 , 2 . 8 . 1988 , p.
L500	The work was feverish for the next hour . The narrow gap was necked down even more with boulders from the stream - bed , and a forest of sharpened stakes , all slanting sharply outward , was planted to the front . This is not your daddy 's shotgun , Cowboy ! Four inches from your chest , Pyle ! Four inches ! This is my gun ! " This is for fighting ! This is for fun ! " You 're bouncing ! Ten fucking seconds ! It should take you ten seconds to negotiate this obstacle ! No swinging - dick private in this platoon 's gon na graduate ... ... until they get this obstacle downto less than ten fucking seconds ! This is no longer a bickering at the fords , raiding from Ithilien and from AnÛrien , ambushing and pillaging . This is a great war long - planned , and we are but one piece in it , whatever pride may say . Things move in the far East beyond the Inland Sea , it is reported ; and north in Mirkwood and beyond ; and south in Harad . ' Yet , Master Peregrin , we have this honour : ever we bear the brunt of the chief hatred of the Dark Lord , for that hatred comes down out of the depths of time and over the deeps of the Sea . There is power in . .
L501	The registrar notifies the bankrupt of the judgment terminating the bankruptcy proceedings . The court can also order that an extract from the judgment terminating the bankruptcy proceedings be published in the Belgian Official Gazette . The judgment must be published if the court declares the bankrupt eligible for protection ( section 80 of the Bankruptcy Act ) . The termination of the bankruptcy puts an end to the liquidators' functions , except for the action required to give effect to the termination , and constitutes a general release for them . I wonder if this is pure imagination ? Or reality itself ? Pure fantasy , of course . More tea ? I 'd like you to examine her tomorrow . Maybe your methods will work in her case . Of course , you 're a man of the new ideas . And yet you accepted this job . Why ? According to our examinations Gizella is a virgin . Her mother was bed - ridden for eight years , dying of a prolonged bout of tuberculosis . Gizella nursed her mother at home from childhood right up till her mother 's death . ( babi lom in czech ) , from which either by pronuncing it very quickly , or from the old biblical name , arose Babylon . Geologically Babylon lies on granite , which was quarried and processed in a number of places .
L502	The village lies at an altitude of 463 m , only 8 km from the town of Domazlice and less than 7 km from the border crossing at Folmava - Schafberg . The village is situated at the foot of the Cerchov hill ( 1039 m ) , surrounded by deep forests . Beautiful location , charming surroundings and a renowned lake have made Babylon a sought after holiday resort for tourists and guests since 1910 . In 1980 Babylon became a part of the town Domazlice . After elections in 1990 it became autonomous again and now has 280 residents . The Programme events Chronicle Since 1991 the chronicle has been written regularly . Events for children Residents and council do not forget their youngest citizens . ( 8 ) Article I-17 and Article III-281 ( Section 4 ) . What has that got to do with the trial ? Everything . Extremely attractive . Extremely . She has a nice body . A sensational body . I 'll pick the adjectives . A good body . Big eyes . Unforgettable . ARIOUA , Kamel ( a.k.a . Lamine Kamel ) , born 18.8.1969 in Constantine ( Algeria ) - member of ' al - Takfir' and ' al - Hijra' ASLI , Mohamed ( a.k.a . Dahmane Mohamed ) , born 13.5.1975 in Ain Taya ( Algeria ) - member of ' al - Takfir' and ' al - Hijra'
L503	BOUYERI , Mohammed ( a.k.a . Abu ZUBAIR , a.k.a . SOBIAR , a.k.a . Abu ZOUBAIR ) , born 8.3.1978 in Amsterdam ( The Netherlands ) - member of the ' Hofstadgroep' Labelling and the new indicators of excellence 6.1 Broadening the scope of the EU ecolabel ( European flower ) to food products 6.1.1 The European label is a distinctive stamp of environmental quality . I 'm right here , baby . Okay . Bo . What 's goin' on ? What the hell just happened ? ( Sighs ) I guess some people do n't deal well with rejection . Thought I 'd be extra crispy for sure . Hey , Bo . I 'm not like Jenny , am I ? I 'm not too clingy or anything ? ( Laughs ) My God . The Agency may also issue such certificates on behalf of any Member State in application of an agreement concluded by one of the Member States with the third country in question . ( b ) If the Commission considers that : ( c ) Member States shall take the necessary measures to renounce agreements as soon as possible after the entry into force of an agreement between the Community and the third country in question , for those domains covered by that latter agreement . Article 10 Flexibility provisions 1 .
L504	The Order is in keeping with Articles 15 and 16 of Regulation ( EC ) No 1857/2006 . Article 16(1)(a ) : Dinnae need to , said Rob Anybody . We got the gonnagle wi us this time . Ye might like to stick yer fingers in yer ears , though . William , with his eyes fixed on the approaching pack , was unscrewing some of the pipes from the mousepipes and putting them in a bag he carried hanging from his shoulder . The dogs were much closer now . He had the look of someone who was nt going to rush . William swung the mousepipes under his arm and blew into one until the bag bulged . As one pictsie , the Nac Mac Feegles dropped their swords and put their hands over their ears . A lot of things happened at more or less the same time . All Tiffanys teeth started to buzz . They embraced and he looked into her eyes one last time . Understood ? I ca n't afford to have my future queen run off with that Lycan again . Change of plans . Amelia will be picked up by Soren and his team . That 's our job . Why are you helping me ? The perimeter sensor 's been tripped . She 's escaped , to go to him , to Michael . Are you fucking kidding me ?
L505	The dogs would 've been all over it if anything had gotten near that fence . Amelia should have arrived by now . Finally . My turn . In my arms . Or Edward 's or Esme 's . Happy birthday . I stopped aging three days ago . Well , we 're celebrating anyway . So suck it up . That has n't changed . Welcome home ! We thought you guys might like a place ofyour own . What do you think ? I think it 's perfect . Have fun . Closet . Alice stocked it for you . I 'd carry on the fusion theme , sort of east meets west . So I could have bangers and noodles , sweet and sour pork with chips . Inspired , mate . Brilliant . That 's not a bad name for a PR company . Hello , could you put me through to New London Media , please ? OK , Sean , do you know what to do ? who 's here to meet the head honcho of a PR firm and his creative bird , who are going to launch my new financial services to the international market . When we come in , just introduce us and we 'll do the rest . There ! Straight to the bar like clockwork . Nice . Make it 45 . Because I have done what you 've failed to do . Please save her , Father . She is lost .
L506	Please , spare him , Lilith ! Fight her ! You must fight her ! It 's not I who must fight her . Father ! Praise Lilith . Imagine a time when we will own not only the night , but the day as well . Entry report format ( within three hours before the event ) " So . This is where it all happens . " Casey nodded . " This is where the Norton specialists meet to analyze aircraft accidents . " " Yes . " " Yes . " " You 're vice - president of Quality Assurance at Norton Aircraft . " " Yes . " " Been with the company five years . " " Yes . " " Some do , yes . " She paused . I heard Vicki Nelson 's got her nose in this . That 's not what I heard . We ca n't afford her anywhere near this . We 'd be lucky to have her on this . History buff ? Family photo . You believe I 'm a vampire , but you do n't believe I had a father ? And he just happened to be one of the most famous figures in history . You surprise me again . Compensation for damages is payable only to natural persons who have suffered a violent intentional crime against their person . Is the possibility limited to victims that have suffered certain types of injury ?
L507	Compensation for damages is payable only if the injured party died or sustained serious damage to their physical integrity or health as a result of the criminal act . Yes . Is the possibility of obtaining compensation limited to persons of a certain nationality or persons residing in a certain country ? Compensation can be obtained by Hungarian citizens , citizens of any EU Member State , displaced persons legally staying in the territory of the Republic of Hungary , victims of human trafficking , persons entitled to receive compensation under an international agreement or reciprocity between the State of his / her nationality and Hungary , and persons domiciled or having their habitual and legal place of residence in any EU Member State . Compensation is also payable to victims who have a residence or immigration permit for Hungary . An application can be submitted in any EU Member State if the crime was committed in Hungary . In such cases , compensation for damages is payable if the applicant satisfies the requirements set out in Act CXXXV of 2005 on crime victim support and state compensation . Yes . If no criminal proceedings are in progress , an application for compensation can not be approved . No . Stay up late . I do not love blue that much . Nice suit . Who died ? A dear friend . Really ? Get out of here , Evan Rachel Wooden . Just keeping up appearances . No , not Cappie , Frannie .
L508	I told you they would be here . All right . What 's your secret ? Dad , I 'm not really getting anything . He 's good Checking his watch . It 's a good one . Hello ? I do n't know , like a Scottish mixed with Salma Hayek . The room is clear . Detailed information on this medicinal product is available on the website of the European Medicines Agency http://www.ema.europa.eu . First Mate Santiago took his ear away from the secret knothole in the wall of the great cabin , the final " Well , that 's all settled then " from dell'Aqua ringing in his brain . Last but not least , cities have a disproportionate share of social problems and poverty . As the Europe 2020 targets aims to increase employment and reduce poverty and exclusion , cities need to address urban deprivation and the disconnection from the labour market , especially in the EU-15 . This report provides an important input as strategies for the future 2014 - 2020 cohesion policy programmes are being prepared . In essence , it sets out the baseline situation to be addressed in relation to the EU2020 targets and the distance to the national targets . How will the investment programmes contribute to change in these indicators ?
L509	( e ) Issue certificates of release to service in respect of completion of maintenance in accordance with 145.A.50 . 145.A.80 Limitations on the organisation The organisation shall only maintain an aircraft or component for which it is approved when all the necessary facilities , equipment , tooling , material , maintenance data and certifying staff are available . 145.A.85 Changes to the organisation The organisation shall notify the competent authority of any proposal to carry out any of the following changes before such changes take place to enable the competent authority to determine continued compliance with this Part and to amend , if necessary , the approval certificate , except that in the case of proposed changes in personnel not known to the management beforehand , these changes must be notified at the earliest opportunity : I sprung a leak ! There 's got ta be a water shut - off ! Haley ... I 'm sorry if I 've been acting like I did n't wanna hang out with you lately . Or ... ever . We 'll probably be even closer once we 're not actually caged in together . That 's bound to get annoying . And when it does , who better to deal with an Alex than you ? I made that . Hey , you wanted to see me ? Just got off the phone with Dan Signer . They 're thinking about dropping our account . Something about you turning down the job offer .
L510	I was trying to figure out who would be a worthy successor . I do not know what to think . With a happy alone . It is called dirty boxing , is nothing new . I promise that this is the only way if you please prepišeš company . I 've done . In the first row , as in church . Technical documentation The manufacturer shall establish the technical documentation as described in Article 18 . The technical documentation shall specify the applicable requirements and cover , as far as relevant for the assessment , the design , manufacture and operation of the instrument . Where reference is made to this paragraph , Articles 5 and 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply , having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof . Interested parties may submit their comments on the measure in respect of which the Commission is initiating the procedure within one month of the date of publication of this summary and the following letter , to : European Commission Directorate - General for Competition State aid Greffe 1049 Bruxelles / Brussel BELGIQUE / BELGIË Fax + 32 22961242 These comments will be communicated to the Irish authorities . The Lord Knight laid the corpse on the grass and rose to a roaring cheer from the rebels . He halted before Elodan and bowed . ' My name is Kar - schen . The war is over , sir Knight . I offer myself- and my regiments - to your cause.'
L511	' I have no cause,' said Elodan . It is called Bonnie++ because it was based on the Bonnie program . This program also tests performance with creating large numbers of files . Now includes zcav raw - read test program . A modern hard drive will have more sectors in the outer tracks because they are longer . The hard drive will have a number ( often more than 8) of zones where each zone has the same number of sectors ( due to the need for an integral number of sectors per track ) . This program allows you to determine the levels of performance provided by different zones and store them in a convenient format for gnuplot . It is cloudy . Do n't . You ca n't shoot me . We 're family . You and me . Black Irish . You 're more like black licorice . We may be brothers , but I 'm nothing like you . Come on , son . Can I go now , please ? I 'm sorry . Of course you did n't . Movement certificates EUR.1 or EUR - MED issued retrospectively shall be endorsed with the following phrase in English : ' ISSUED RETROSPECTIVELY' Movement certificates EUR - MED issued retrospectively by application of paragraph 2 shall be endorsed with the following phrase in English : ' ISSUED RETROSPECTIVELY ( Original EUR.1 No ... [ date and place of issue])' Accounts are not available .
L512	Recticel s.a.s . I did n't mean to . In respect of the territory of the former German Democratic Republic , the following dates replace those given in paragraphs 1 and 2 : Monday . You saw my book . Jim , Jim ... I ca n't . You saw my book . Three business days . I do n't understand . They 're the three business ... We wait till Monday , my time limit runs out . You do n't count Saturday . I 'm not . No , you do n't include Saturday in three days . It 's not a business day . I am not counting it . Wednesday , Thursday , Friday - so it would have elapsed . What would have elapsed ? If we wait till Monday , it would have elapsed ! L_2013209EN.01002101.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 209/21 COMMISSION IMPLEMENTING DECISION of 1 August 2013 amending Decision 2011/163/EU on the approval of plans submitted by third countries in accordance with Article 29 of Council Directive 96/23/EC ( notified under document C(2013 ) 4880 ) ( Text with EEA relevance ) Article 3 This Decision is addressed to the Presidency of the Council . Paediatric population Based on post - marketing sources and clinical trials , the frequency , type and severity of adverse reactions observed in elderly patients and in patients with renal or hepatic impairment do not indicate any differences to the broader experience in the general population .
L513	Reporting of suspected adverse reactions Reporting suspected adverse reactions after authorisation of the medicinal product is important . A specific overdose of insulin can not be defined , however , hypoglycaemia may develop over sequential stages if too high a dose relative to the patient 's requirement is administered : Mild hypoglycaemic episodes can be treated by oral administration of glucose or sugary products . It is therefore recommended that the diabetic patient always carries sugar - containing products . Severe hypoglycaemic episodes , where the patient has become unconscious , can be treated with glucagon ( 0.5 to 1 mg ) given intramuscularly or subcutaneously by a trained person , or with glucose given intravenously by a healthcare professional . Glucose must be given intravenously , if the patient does not respond to glucagon within 10 to 15 minutes . Upon regaining consciousness , administration of oral carbohydrates is recommended for the patient in order to prevent a relapse . Normative acts passed by government bodies can be issued only by virtue of an authorisation enshrined in an Act with a view to its implementation . Legislative procedure is governed by the Constitution ( Articles 118 - 124 ) and the Rules of Procedure of Parliament ( the Sejm ) and the Senate . Bills are submitted to the Sejm , where they are dealt with in three readings . In the course of this process the Sejm examines the bill and transmits it to the appropriate parliamentary committees for amendment .
L514	The bill is then returned to the Sejm , which votes on the amendments and the bill as a whole . The Sejm approves the bill by a simple majority , subject to at least half of the statutory number of Members being present . If a bill is amended or thrown out by the Senate , it must be re - examined by the Sejm . In this case the Sejm needs an absolute majority , subject to at least half of the statutory number of Members being present , in order to override a recommendation by the Senate . If Parliament completes the legislative process , the bill is transmitted to the President , who should sign it within three weeks and order its publication in the Journal of Laws . Before signing a bill , the President can refer it to the Constitutional Court for constitutionjal review . If the Constitutional Court deems the bill to be compatible with the Constitution , the President may not refuse to sign it . The President also has the option of not referring a bill to the Constitutional Court but returning it to the Sejm for a further reading ( " presidential veto " ) . To keep your Passport secure , we will block any further attempts . However , you can # ~#ResetPwdByEmailURL_LS#~#reset your password by e - mail Please type the correct answer to your secret question .
L515	It will inter alia indicate appropriate technical and organisational measures that should be taken to manage security risks as well reporting obligations to competent authorities of significant incidents . Digital Agenda Actions on Building Digital Confidence Data protection emerged from the consultation and the studies launched by the Commission as a key area of concern that could impede the adoption of cloud computing . In particular , faced with 27 partly diverging national legislative frameworks , it is very hard to provide a cost - effective cloud solution at the level of digital single market . In addition , given the cloud 's global scope , there was a call for clarity on how international data transfers would be regulated . The proposed regulation addresses the issues raised by the cloud . Centrally , it clarifies the important question of applicable law , by ensuring that a single set of rules would apply directly and uniformly across all 27 Member States . It will be good for business and citizens by bringing about a level playing field and reduced administrative burden and compliance costs throughout Europe for businesses , while ensuring a high level of protection for individuals and giving them more control over their data . Increased transparency of data processing will also help increase consumer trust . The proposal facilitates transfers of personal data to countries outside the EU and EEA while ensuring the continuity of protection of the concerned individuals .
L516	Given that data protection concerns were identified as one of the most serious barriers to cloud computing take - up , it is all the more important that Council and Parliament work swiftly towards the adoption of the proposed regulation as soon as possible in 2013 . Moreover , due to the specific nature of the cloud , questions have been raised about applicable law in case where the relevant place of establishment of a cloud provider may be hard to determine , e.g. for a non - EU user of a non - EU provider operating equipment in the EU . Four of you will have them , four of you will not . And for the immunity winner , they also receive a little more comfort , in the form of a video from home . One of these is no more . Individual immunity , up for grabs . Okay , I 'm not going to lie . This is your sister , Nicole , your niece , Emma , and your parents . Hi , Amber . In particular , the Thai domestic market is tiny , and on average only accounted for 1 % - 2 % of total sales of all sampled Thai producers . Tablet Core : Maybe they would have sense enough now to surrender . " Tham ! " The bellow came from behind him . He turned , keeping one arm halfway around the curving wood . Where are you ? "
L517	The guy in this body has a friend ! Bender , old pal , it 's me , the fry ! But then Nicolas cage discovered The real treasure was his family . Oh , you 're not so shallow That you find me repulsive 'cause of my body , are you ? No , you admit it ! You 'd be ashamed to be seen in public With someone as hideous as me ! Do you think I should eat more butter ? I am putting a stop to this right now . Come on . We 're switching bodies . Oh , excuse me . Too much goulash . I understand the problems of age , But suppose I could put you in a new body ? They were playing hop , and I asked could I play , too . The school one said ... no dirty little Jew could play with them . And they all yelled those other things . What you need to know before you take REZOLSTA Do not take REZOLSTA - if you are allergic to darunavir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) . Ask your doctor if you are unsure about the severity of your liver disease . Some additional tests might be necessary .
L518	Please accept my warm regards for auspicious days and fortunate outcome . Baji - naji be both in your favor . You 're an old woman , Fromm ! I 'd send you to the front if I did n't think you 'd surrender just to be Montgomery 's whore ! The General will see you now . I wanted to introduce our new man , Colonel Stauffenberg . From Africa . I 'd offer you my hand , but I might not get it back . I 'd say the General has lost more important things this morning . Please , sit down , Colonel . And you , Olbricht , if you must . In the field ? In Berlin . To make decisions . Many that Live deserve death . Some that die deserve Life . So do all who Live to see such times . Gimi ! No ! Oh , no . ' Here lies Balin ... ... son of Fundin ... ... Lord of Moria . ' We have barred the gates ... ... but can not hold them for Long . All who Look upon her ... ... fall under her spell . The heart of Envenom on earth . Needless were none of the deeds of Gandalf in Life . We do not yet know his full purpose . Do not let the great emptiness of Khazad - dum fill your heart ... ... Gimli , son of Gloin .
L519	' Skins conforming to Commission Decision 2011/8/EU of 6 January 2011 concerning certain interim protection measures against foot - and - mouth disease in Bulgaria ( 35 ) . COMMENTS FROM GERMANY Germany argues that the notified training aid fulfils all of the criteria laid down in Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 68/2001 of 12 January 2001 on the application of Articles 87 and 88 of the EC Treaty to training aid ( 8 ) . Second , Germany disputes the Commission 's right to apply the necessity criterion in the present case as this would be in breach of the principle of non - discrimination . This new approach does not have a legal basis and is not in line with the relevant EC legislation or Commission decision - making practice . These three criteria make it possible to determine whether the aid measures have an incentive effect and are proportional . Since more than 80 % of the notified training project consists of general training measures and involves an undertaking in an area assisted under Article 87(3)(a ) , the training aid has an incentive effect . Also , since the notified aid does not exceed the maximum aid intensities , the positive effects of the assisted training measures are proportional to the distortion of competition , thereby fulfilling the proportionality criterion .
L520	It argues that different compatibility criteria should not be applied to aid exempted from notification or to aid which exceeds the EUR 1 million threshold and should therefore be notified ; projects which need to be notified must not be assessed in a more restrictive manner than projects exempted from notification . It expressly states that the Commission should also bear in mind the fact that the DHL training project fulfils the criteria laid down in the Webasto decision ( 11 ) . Fourth , the application of different assessment criteria contravenes the principles of legal certainty and equality of treatment . Costs other than those referred to in paragraph 6(a ) and ( b ) connected with leasing contracts , such as lessor 's margin , interest refinancing costs , overheads and insurance charges shall not be considered to be eligible costs . Working capital shall not be considered to be an eligible cost . For the sake of completeness , it must be pointed out that the national legislation in question makes no provision for a procedure comparable to a procedure for prior authorisation within the meaning of the 24th recital in the preamble to Directive 93/13 , since the use of a particular term is not dependent on judicial or administrative approval , for example . Rather , the decision to institute proceedings for in abstracto verification lies solely with the persons or organisations entitled to bring proceedings listed in Article 7(2 ) of Directive 93/13 . || Article 24
L521	Why would I lie to you ? You think it was easy to come here and walk into this place ? Why would I do it if I did n't have to ? European Commission - European Judicial Network - General Information - Estonia THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 29 - 07 - 2004 General Information - Estonia There might be a situation where you are in dispute with a company , a professional person , your employer , a member of your family or somebody else in your own country or abroad which has a connection with Estonia . Much of this information can be obtained in these pages of the European Judicial Network . Estonian National anthem Mu isamaa , mu õnn ja rõõm ! Last update : 29 - 07 - 2004 3 . as appropriate adopting amendments to Annexes to this Memorandum and Appendices thereto ; and 4 . making proposals , as appropriate , to the Parties to otherwise amend this Memorandum . ARTICLE IV - EXCHANGE OF PERSONNEL The Parties may exchange technical personnel as required to pursue the activities described in an Annex or Appendix to this Memorandum .
L522	All such exchanges shall be in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Memorandum , its Annexes and Appendices . Such technical personnel may be from United States or European Union agencies or contractors , as mutually agreed . ARTICLE V - EQUIPMENT LOAN ARRANGEMENTS Equipment may be loaned by one Party ( the " Lending Party " ) to the other Party ( the " Borrowing Party " ) under an Annex or Appendix to this Memorandum . The following general provisions shall apply to all loans of equipment unless otherwise specified in an Annex or Appendix : I have some ideas how to do that , but I 'm gon na need some help . You know , Maslow 's hierarchy of needs tells us that in order for Travis to access his own creativity , he must first have a sense of belonging , and if his family 's not giving him that , he would be driven to seek out a surrogate family , you know ? Who are the Massapequa Players ? They are a very off - Broadway acting company based out of Long Island . All right , well , let 's see if Travis ' friends know what he did for Dixon , and Jules , let 's make sure these investigators process these prints . Maybe we 'll luck out , we 'll find out who 's doing Dixon 's dirty work .
L523	Right , Jules , we need a solid from the gang unit , okay ? See if they know of any local crime organizations whose M.O. includes the garrote . I did n't believe him at first , but ... You got to rely on thieves , rapists ... not the most dependable ... but now he 's out , we do the job ourselves . We just got to find him . Then bloody well find him ! What the hell happened here ? Subject : Natura 2000 Answer from the Commission ( 1 September 2004 ) Of course it was . It 's gon na be one of those days . Going ? It already is . Look , son ... Harris . Harris , it 's a different pace out here . You'il get used to it . It 's just ... first day on the job , and catching up with a father I hardly know , it 's all a little ... Overwhelming ? Yeah . Make sure it does n't stick . You want me to fix it ? EIP operational groups shall establish internal procedures that ensure , that their operation and decision - making is transparent and that situations of conflict of interest are avoided . No . You said I could stay here . I do not want you worried about . But I like it here . And you said I could . You promised . I can not go back .
L524	What will they do ? What has he done ? Dean , you were gon na let her walk ! That 's ridiculous ! Look , man , she was not yours . Not really . Actually , she , uh , she was , really . She just also happened to be a crazy man - killing monster . But , uh , hey . You know what ? Bobby was right . Your head 's not in it , man . When Cass died , you were wobbly , but now ... Now what ? Oh , what , you 're dealing with it so perfect ? Yeah , news flash , pal -- you 're just as screwed up as I am ! Its goal is to promote the exchange of good practices between Europe 's regions as a way of boosting innovative activity . The initiative will help Regional Policy to support the EU 's strategic goals of boosting growth and jobs across Europe . More Regulations Regulations are the strongest form of EU legislation . They are of general application , binding in their entirety and directly enforceable in all Member States . Legislation relating to EU Cohesion Policy usually takes the form of regulations . More Rural Development The EU 's policy on Rural Development helps rural areas respond to the challenges they face , and is part of a horizontal policy approach to creating growth and jobs in Europe . It 's a unlikely target .
L525	You find a way to get through to the flight crew . They have strict orders to fly straight to Andrews and not to deviate from it under any circumstances . Bullshit ! You think we 're dumb enough to fall for this ? You 're just some face on a phone , a phone I just happened to find when all of ours were so conveniently taken . I was supposed to be on that plane . I had family in Houston , too . I put the phone there for them , and I got called away . I thought it was another 3 - 0 . Nothing remotely government issue ; this was a hired killer , an arsenal on foot . Break his fingers . I do n't know , maybe Juliette could . Unless she has other plans . I 'd be glad to do it . Taskon , Laurent : Taskon , Frederic : Tramelle , Cecile : Unbelievable ! Did she bribe you ? It 's probably still in the library . Look , Em , if you were hooking up with Maya last night , you can tell Aria and Spencer . What are you talking about ? I 'm just saying it does n't have to be this huge secret . It 's not like I fell apart . Okay , can we not talk about this in here ? Look , I 'm just saying you can trust them .
L526	Could you come with me , please ? Emily ! Is that your bag on the table ? Where 'd you find it ? What is going on ? Get up ! Man , you can make it . That the church ? Come on , man . Come on , Peter . Shall I continue with the transfusion ? No , it 's useless . Dr. Menard ! Come on , Doctor ! Dr. Menard ! What took you so long ? Out there , they 're coming back to life . Thank you . |been |improved Transition Facility The ten countries which used to receive pre - accession financial assistance under Phare ( or specific pre - accession facilities in the cases of Cyprus and Malta ) benefited for the first time in 2004 from a special Transition Facility for institution building aimed at allowing the new Member States to strengthen and consolidate institutional and administrative capacity to implement the acquis communautaire and thus continue the institution - building measures initiated under Phare . The Transition Facility was created by article 34 of the Act of Accession , as a temporary post accession financial instrument . Programming is based on needs identified in the Commission 's Comprehensive Monitoring Report ( November 2003 ) . The article gives a non - exhaustive list of examples of key acquis where weaknesses exist , but also excludes any area which is eligible for funding under the Structural Funds .
L527	East Greenland ( COD/645E44 ) Between 64 ° N and 65 ° N East of 44 ° W Can the court 's decision be revised to take account of the changes in the costs of living or family circumstances ? Maintenance is usually granted in monthly instalments or in a lump sum depending on the imminent needs of the person claiming it . Maintenance is due according to the means of the person requesting it ( the value of any movable or immovable property and any beneficial interest under a trust is considered ) and the means of the person supplying it . In considering if the person claiming it can actually provide for his / her own maintenance , his / her ability to exercise any profession , art or trade is taken into consideration . In calculating the means of the person bound to supply maintenance , his / her earnings from any profession , art or trade , salary or pension and the fruits of any movable / immovable property and any income derived from a trust scheme is taken into consideration . The court 's decision may be reviewed or revised if a specific request is made to the court by means of an application wherein the supervening circumstances of the case are explained and a request is made to increase or decrease the amount of maintenance allowance depending on who is making the request . How and to whom will the maintenance be paid ?
L528	In the case of an interdicted person ( when a curator is appointed to look after the interests of a person who is completely incapable of looking after his / her affairs by means of an application to the Civil Court , Voluntary Jurisdiction ) or an incapacitated person ( when a curator is appointed to look after the interests of a person who is incapable of looking after some of his / her affairs eg on contracts because the person is a spendthrift ) the maintenance will be paid to the curator appointed by the court . Criminal proceedings may be instituted against the debtor by the Police , once they receive a report from the person who was meant to receive the maintenance . Moreover , civil proceedings ( independently from the criminal proceedings ) may be filed against the debtor requesting the Court that granted the order or decree to order the debtor to pay the aggregate amount of maintenance due in a lump sum . Once the judgement becomes final and absolute , the claimant may file a garnishee order ( by order of the court the assets of the debtor are frozen up to the amount of the judgement ) or a warrant of seizure ( by order of the court the assets of the debtor are seized by the court marshal and sold by judicial sale up to the amount specified in the judgement ) to recover the total amount of maintenance from the debtor . Blopress Tablet Oral use
L529	Once that McDonald 's opened up on Dyckman they lost all their business . It should not replace existing mechanisms or institutions , but should build on the existing structures of Internet governance , with special emphasis on the complementarity between all the stakeholders involved in this process : governments , the private sector , civil society and international organisations ; The addressees referred to below participated in a single and continuous infringement of Article 81 of the EC Treaty and of Article 53 of the Agreement on the European Economic Area , covering the territory of the EEA , the main features of which were that they agreed price increases in the EEA as well as the timing of their announcements , minimum prices and other commercial conditions for the four mentioned flat glass product categories . You set me up . Jackie , I ca n't see your mom 's hand , which means it 's on my dad 's butt . The Faculty of Business Economics ; Department of Marketing and Trade . - Supervisor of bachelor´s w ... List of theses with an identical keyword . CESTOVNÝ RUCH AKO VÝZNAMNÝ NÁSTROJ HOSPODÁRSKEJ STABILITY VIDIEKA ( Lucia Kollárová ) Supplementary joint answer from the Commission ( 17 October 2008 ) A cargo plane bound for Los Angeles ... sources say it exploded just 90 seconds after takeoff here in Washington . Hey , you see this ? Plane crash . It 's my dad . Is everything okay ?
L530	Picture of health . Yeah , this 12-year - old who claims to be an oncologist wants to run another series of tests . You 're in the hospital ? Hold my briefs . Fucking ValuJet . Trying to save 50 bucks . How was Boca ? Your uncle worried I was there to pop him . And wait till we get outside , huh ? Junior 's looking for a way out , but he 's upset . Thought he was in line to be boss . Now he takes orders from someone who used to fetch his sambuca . Is he gon na sit down or not ? lf Tony guarantees his safety . Make it Christmas , so I do n't have to go on that fucking cruise . " Thank you , thank you , " Shaun mumbled . Before everything dissolved in bewildered passion , Nansen threw a question that had been dogging him . " How many are you ? " " A - about two hundred , " Shaun said . " What , no more ? Did you , uh , did you lose many in the disaster ? " His heritage - culture , chromosomes , spirit - arose in Shaun and he could answer quite evenly : " The shock injured most of us , but few fatally . It did worse and irreparable damage to the life - support systems . We would die in poison and filth from our own bodies .
L531	( b ) Designation and specification of the products foods and food ingredients containing , consisting of , or produced from MON - ØØØ73 - 7 oilseed rape , with the exception of isolated seed protein ; feed produced from MON - ØØØ73 - 7 oilseed rape . The genetically modified MON - ØØØ73 - 7 oilseed rape , as described in the applications , expresses the CP4 5-enolpyruvylshikimate-3-phosphate synthase ( CP4 EPSPS ) and glyphosate oxidoreductase variant 247 ( GOXv247 ) proteins which confer tolerance to glyphosate - based herbicides . A woman stepped into the moonlight ; her beauty made him gasp . Maybe I should fix them something . Make them a roast or some French bread and bring it over there . John . What ? French bread and a roast . Why ? What do you mean , why ? Why you got ta make them food ? I do n't think they need our food . You could show a little more compassion . I 'm sorry he 's dead . I 'll tell you , though , the main thing about getting married ? I can never be called to testify . What do you mean ? Actually , though , I do n't think that 's actually true . What do you mean ? To claim marital privilege , three conditions must be met . Anything said before you were married is fair game . Three , communication ca n't be made in furtherance of a crime .
L532	# Goes cruising just as fast as she can , now # And she 'll have fun , fun , fun # ( You walk like an ace , now You walk like an ace ) # She makes the lndy 500 look like a Roman chariot race , now # A lot of guys try to catch her # But she leads them on a wild goose chase , now ... I 'll never give up my tapes to a bunch of Kennedy - loving , Democrat cocksuckers . This could trigger the impeachment . They'il go to the Supreme Court . I appointed three of those bastards . Can the president afford to ignore a subpoena ? Jesus . Hey , you just shut your nasty mouth . You might be a vampire ... ... but when you talk to me , you willtalk to me like the lady that I am . I understand it makes humans feel more healthy . Improves their sex life . You can just keep it . You could always sell it . What are you ? Vampire Bill . Oh , my . We uzavøít path and poèkat to Cowleyho group . A pøedek . Campbell and Baum will go with me . - Come on , We have a party ... - Tomorrow Makao . The last who knows the truth . I 'll lead to the Dark Water . That 's where he 's hiding You 've known this all along ?
L533	I knew he was innocent . Teri ! You wo n't find the Dark Water without me ! Okay ? He lunges . The dog leaps off at an angle , streaking past Roger toward the entrance while Roger keeps going with his sponge , headfirst into the pram , which collapses under his weight . The number of service suppliers may be limited reflecting limitations in port capacity . When Member States adopt those measures , they shall contain a reference to this Directive or be accompanied by such a reference on the occasion of their official publication . The competent agency shall make an unannounced check , by sampling , to ensure that the products are present in the storage depot . The sample concerned must be representative and must correspond to at least 10 % of the overall quantity under contract for a private storage aid measure . Such physical checks must relate to at least 5 % of the quantity subjected to the unannounced check . A request for a derogation shall be accompanied by a funding plan that indicates how the own use of uncovered government - guaranteed bank bonds by the requesting counterparty will be phased out by no later than three years following the granting of the derogation . The Court of First Instance rejected that plea for the following reasons :
L534	' 29It must be borne in mind that , where there is a dispute as to the existence of an infringement of the competition rules , it is incumbent on the Commission to prove the infringements which it has found and to adduce evidence capable of demonstrating to the requisite legal standard the existence of circumstances constituting an infringement ... . 30However , once it has been established that an undertaking has participated in meetings of a manifestly anti - competitive nature ... , it is incumbent on that undertaking to put forward evidence to establish that its participation in those meetings was without any anti - competitive intention by demonstrating that it had indicated to its competitors that it was participating in those meetings in a spirit that was different from theirs ... . 31In this case , it is not disputed that the applicant participated in the Madrid meeting of 16 December 1993 during which ... certain producers of stainless steel flat products agreed to use , from the same date , identical reference values for calculation of the alloy surcharge and , therefore , as to the determination of part of the final price of those products , contrary to Article 65(1 ) of the ECSC Treaty . 32It is necessary to consider , however , whether the applicant has satisfactorily established that it distanced itself from that agreement and can not therefore be accused of infringing Article 65(1 ) of the ECSC Treaty .
L535	36Since the aim of such an agreement was , at that date , contrary to Acerinox 's interests , in so far as it related to the Spanish market , only proof of a commitment by that undertaking to apply the alloy surcharge on its domestic market would therefore represent adherence by it to an agreement concerning Spain ... . She should n't be here . She belongs here . I take care of my loved ones . Maybe you oughta think about doin' the same . For the tour . Bye , babe . Bye . And hopefully , find greater meaningin our lives . But with the blessings of a second chance come greater responsibilities . And nobody knows that better than sheriff Tom Underlay . ( e ) if rated engine speed is exceeded in a gear ratio before the vehicle passes BB ' the next higher gear shall be used . All right , everybody sit down . Everybody sit down on the floor . It 's all right , girls . Just give 'em the drawer cash . Sit right here . Sit , sit . Hey , guard ! Look , I 'm tryin ' to be polite , all right ? You lie to me again , it 's gon na be more than a fuckin ' problem . Get on the floor . It 's all right . I thought you said there would only be one or two . Every single one of them .
L536	We 'll figure it out later . Amélie still takes refuge in solitude . She amuses herself with silly questions about the world below , such as : Fifteen . Finally , on the night of August 30th 1997 . comes the event that will change her life for ever . On August 31st at 4 am , Amélie has a dazzling idea . Wherever he was , she would find the box 's owner and give him back his treasure . If he was touched , she 'd become a regular do - gooder . If not , too bad . Would you know of a boy who lived in my flat in the ' 50s ? No , thanks . Come in ! Close the door . Boys ? NAME OF THE MEDICINAL PRODUCT AND ROUTE(S ) OF ADMINISTRATION VIAL LABEL / TAXOTERE 80 mg/4 ml The control status of " software " for equipment described in this Category is dealt with herein . Sniffer dogs . A couple of hundred guards , all from three different commands , the Army , KGB , MVD , probably their militia , too . Hell , Bob , you know how paranoid they are against their own people . He was last seen in ' 75 . Can you get me that number again ? In April 1975 . So some research foundation has to be interested . So , in essence , you want to donate Joe 's body to science ?
L537	We 're a teaching hospital . The standstill surgery qualifies . All due respect , sir , it 's worth a shot . It 's always someone 's life , O'Malley . We need to start rewarming , Shepherd . Hang on . There it is . Got it . Please ! I 'm thinking . Your classical education serves us well ! Give it to me . Give me ! It 's very beautiful . I should never take side against you , Miss Woodhouse , but your friend is right . It is indeed a job well done . A job well done , Mr. Elton , was yours in performing the ceremony . Must the church be so drafty , Mr. Elton ? It is very difficult to surrender the soul when one is worried about one 's throat . Perhaps some tea and cake would revive you , Mr. Woodhouse ? Miss Taylor , surely you 're not serving cake at your wedding ? And I am not alone in feeling so . He will support me . He is over there , Mr. Woodhouse , having some cake . This particularly true of dreams which occur shortly after falling in a dark room , while dreams occurring in the morning , near the of waking , receive their stimulus from the objective light the eye in a brightly - lit room .
L538	The shifting and variable character of the spontaneous luminous of the retina exactly corresponds with the fitful of images presented to us in our dreams . To overpower them fairly easily . He 's in a relationship with these woman . No matter how fleeting the initial interaction is , |Brussels , 23-III-2005 SG - Greffe(2005 ) D/201471/2 To the notifying parties Dear Madam(s ) and/or Sir(s ) , Subject : Member States shall ensure that an independent mechanism such as an energy ombudsman or a consumer body is in place in order to ensure efficient treatment of complaints and out - of - court dispute settlements . Not really . Dad ? Those implementing acts shall be adopted in accordance with the examination procedure referred to in Article 162(2 ) . Two officers down . All hell has broken loose out here . Headin ' west on the old highway . Hang on . Promise meyou'il kill him , no matter what . Hey , you ! You ai n't gon na move , I 'll move you . You 're gon na get run over . Lock and load . Easy . Incoming ! Gas ! For a second , I thought you were going to shoot me . If I do n't make itout of here , you look after the girls . Ca n't I just buy you a drink ? Our soldiers did n't do this . Motherfuckers . Has war driven you mad ?
L539	It 's just another rumor . I ever get back , I 'll have a swell law office in the Woolworth Building . Have it all picked out on the 28th floor . What do you wanna look at Brooklyn for ? Me ? Prohibition law goes in next year . There'il always be guys wanting to drink . They'il enforce that law . How about you , Eddie ? Save my money , someday have a shop of my own . Orders Novartis AG to pay the costs . In addition , the Authority has also started to apply the Deggendorf case law ( 12 ) in a systematic manner . This case law enables the Authority , if certain conditions have been satisfied , to order EFTA States to suspend the payment of a new compatible aid to a company until that company has reimbursed old unlawful and incompatible aid that is subject to a recovery decision . Eddie was eliminated in my rewrites . Sue 's right . You want to play in our sandbox , sing a Frank - n - furter number . Are you telling me how to direct my show ? Will , Will ... Mr. Shue ... I 'd like to play Frank - n - furter . I was rereading the script yesterday , and it said " do n't dream it , be it . " And it 's my dream to play a lead role , so I figure , why not me ?
L540	I mean , I 'd be all kind of crazy sexy in that outfit . Commission Decision 2007/815/EC of 29 November 2007 implementing Decision No 573/2007/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the adoption of strategic guidelines 2008 to 2013 ( OJ L 326 , 12.12.2007 , p. 29 ) . N I and N o = distances in metres from the section in question to the nearest axle or bogie centre R = curve radius Formulae to be applied for determination of the reduction below 1 000 ARL a ) Reduction E i ( metres ) to be applied on each side of the gauge at a section between axles / or bogie centres . Reduction E o ( metres ) to be made on each side of the gauge at a section situated beyond the axles or bogie centres . Extension of MiFID rules to like products and services ( Articles 1 , 3 , 4 ) In the context of the work on packaged retail investment products ( PRIPs)[15 ] , the Commission has committed to ensuring a consistent regulatory approach based on MiFID provisions for the distribution to retail investors of different financial products which satisfy similar investor needs and raise comparable investor protection challenges . Second , concerns regarding the applicability of MiFID when investment firms or credit institutions issue and sell their own securities have been raised .
L541	Finally , the disparity between Member State rules applicable to locally active entities exempt from MiFID offering a limited range of investment services is no longer tenable in view of the lessons of the financial crisis , the complexity of financial markets and products , and the need for investors to be able to rely on similar levels of protection irrespective of the location or the nature of the service providers . It may be equipped with devices aiming to stabilise the net or to limit its drift.' Article 3 In Article 2 of Regulation ( EC ) No 2187/2005 , the following point shall be added : ' ( o ) Subject : Implementation of the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment ( WEEE ) directive in Italy and Greenpeace surveys ( 2 ) Article 2 Scope 1 . The Contracting Parties shall assist each other , in the areas within their competence , in the manner and under the conditions laid down in this Protocol , to ensure the correct application of the customs legislation , in particular by preventing , investigating and combating operations in breach of that legislation . You must go to your own temple ; you can not enter this one . It is death to any but his followers . " " You threaten me ? " " No , Master , no - we serve the Emperor , as our faith requires . But this thing the Lord Mota Himself forbids .
L542	" On the Heavenly Emperor 's service - stand aside ! " He strode steadily across the broad terrace toward the door , his squad clomping stolidly after him . The panic dread clutched at him as he marched and increased in intensity as he approached the great door . His heart seemed constricted , and a mad longing to flee clamored through him senselessly . Only the fatalistic courage of his training made him go on . Through the door he saw a vast empty hall and on the far side an altar , large in itself , but dwarfed by the mammoth proportions of the room . The inner walls shone , each with its own light , red , blue , green , golden . The ceiling was a perfect , flawless white , the floor an equally perfect black . Summary 1 . A Commission decision concerning an unlawful State aid scheme and requiring recovery of the aid paid out is of general application with regard to the actual beneficiaries of the scheme inasmuch as it applies to objectively determined situations and involves legal effects vis - à - vis the beneficiaries of such a scheme considered in a general and abstract manner . The mere fact that the actual beneficiaries of such a scheme can be identified does not oblige the Commission to take account of their individual situation .
L543	Thus , where the Commission finds that an aid scheme is incompatible with the common market and requires that the aid paid out be recovered , all the actual beneficiaries of the scheme are individually concerned by the Commission 's decision . The fact of belonging to a closed class of actual beneficiaries of an aid scheme , particularly affected by the obligation to recover the aid paid out imposed by the Commission on the Member State concerned , is sufficient to differentiate those beneficiaries from all other persons . Individualisation results , in such cases , from the specific adverse effect of the recovery order on the interests of the members of the closed class , who are fully identifiable . Terminal Server Session Directory Notify Events The error code was % 1 . The session directory service failed to start due to a problem with specifying the RPC protocol sequence . The error code was % 1 . The session directory service failed to start due to a problem with RPC interface handle registration . The error code was % 1 . The session directory service failed to start due to a problem with retrieving RPC binding handles . The error code was % 1 . The session directory service failed to start due to a problem registering an RPC endpoint . The error code was % 1 . The error code was % 1 . The error code was % 1 .
L544	The Union shall take account of the objectives of development cooperation in the policies that it implements which are likely to affect developing countries' , having regard to the European Consensus on Development ( 1 ) , in particular point 61 thereof , which recognises the importance of Middle - Income Countries in achieving the MDGs and shows the difficulties that these countries , as well as Middle - Upper Income Countries , face , having regard to the Code of Conduct on Complementarity and Division of Labour of 2007 , having regard to the conclusions of the Council of the European Union of 8 December 2009 regarding EU - Latin America relations , having regard to the Madrid Action Plan approved at the EU - LAC Summit of May 2010 and its 6 key areas : 1- Science , research , innovation and technology ; 2- Sustainable development ; environment ; climate change ; biodiversity ; energy ; 3- Regional integration and interconnectivity to promote social inclusion and cohesion ; " You were telling us of the ship , Joe . " He blinked again , and the scowl wilted around the edges . " You are not German . " He sounded very sure . " My father 's family is ; from Baden - Baden on the edge of the Black Forest but Uncle Otto was from Hamburg . " You said only your uncle had the accent . "
L545	For this semester . We got to party ! Yeah , but let 's go early so that we can get the sunset and making a bonfire there . You do n't want to know about my love life . A little scandal , yes . You know , where there 's smoke , there 's fire . You have something to learn when it comes to public opinion , Commander . Tom Zarek is a name with weight . He 's a very sympathetic figure . Introduction and legal basis On 23 October 2007 , the European Central Bank ( ECB ) received a request from the Council of the European Union for an opinion on a proposal for a Council Regulation amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1338/2001 laying down measures necessary for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting ( 1 ) ( hereinafter the ' proposed Regulation' ) . The ECB 's competence to deliver an opinion is based on the third sentence of Article 123(4 ) of the Treaty establishing the European Community , which is the legal basis for the proposed Regulation . In accordance with the first sentence of Article 17.5 of the Rules of Procedure of the European Central Bank , the Governing Council has adopted this opinion . So call me back . If I was you , I would n't call me back . Call me back , baby . He looks like he 's got Bucky Beaver teeth .
L546	He looks a lot older than 13 ! So I do n't know how you feel about it , but it 's gone ! Old Curtis Booker can go bye - bye ! Baby , do you have any Scotch Tape ? You 're acting like I cheated on you , and I 've never cheated on you ... except for that one time with myself , and you caught me . Darlene ! This is Percy Jones . I 'm sorry . Now , who is this ? I must have fell asleep on the couch . Malta A base is produced by mixing the following : 90 % by volume ethanol , 9,5 % by volume wood naphtha , 0,5 % by volume crude pyridine . Netherlands Per hectolitre of absolute ethanol : Thad Beaumont was a well - regarded writer whose first novel , The Sudden Dancers , had been nominated for the National Book Award in 1972 . This sort of thing swung some weight with literary critics , but the breathless celebrity -- watchers of America did n't care a dime about Thad Beaumont , who had only published one other novel under his own name since . The man many of them did care about was n't a real man at all . Thad had written one huge best - seller and three extremely successful follow - up novels under another name .
L547	' George , ' Thad had replied , ' was n't a very nice guy . ' Weird world . Weird , weird world . 2 There were two lines of white type on the black field below the picture of Thad and Liz in one of Castle Rock 's finer boneyards . European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority and European Securities and Markets Authority * * * I ( debate ) Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directives 2003/71/EC and 2009/138/EC in respect of the powers of the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority and the European Securities and Markets Authority [ COM(2011)0008 - C7 - 0027/2011 - 2011/0006(COD ) ] - Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs . Burkhard Balz introduced the report . The following spoke : Peter Skinner , on behalf of the S&D Group , Sylvie Goulard , on behalf of the ALDE Group , Sven Giegold , on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group , Nikola Vuljanić , on behalf of the GUE / NGL Group , Francisco Sosa Wagner , Non - attached Member , Sirpa Pietikäinen and Ildikó Gáll - Pelcz . Sergio Gaetano Cofferati and Ivana Maletić . The following spoke : Tonio Borg and Burkhard Balz . The debate closed . Vote : minutes of 11.3.2014 , item 9.10 . 6 .
L548	Hopefully it 'll all end well . I 'll catch a taxi . But I 'll be there for dinner . We should go to the restaurant . Already , we left the car . Yes Its Rey . Come on up In the main proceedings , the national court is required to rule on the action brought by Unicredito against the Authority 's implicit rejection of its application for reimbursement of the , in total , EUR 244 712 646.05 in additional taxes and interest initially paid by it as part of the national tax recovery . Honestly , I do n't know , but ... What they 're doing takes devotion . To kill someone together , that 's some pretty serious shit . Is that what Lumen and I have ... Serious shit ? He 's putting everything on the line to make what happened to her right . As crazy as that sounds , what ... what word would you use to describe that but " love " ? Yeah , pretty fucked up . Kind of beautiful too . Just got this in . It 's handmade . It 's very chic . Um , it 's not quite me . Perhaps one of the rings . How about that ? You 're hopeless ! Honey , hand it to me Mrs. Swinton , could you hold a moment ? I have an urgent call from your husband
L549	" Billy Graham planted the mustard seed , " Bush told Reader 's Digest , " and it grew . In addition , exclusion of members of the family of the Turkish worker , particularly his children born in the territory of the host State , from the scope of the first paragraph of Article 7 of Decision No 1/80 would manifestly conflict with the objective of that decision . It is settled case - law that the objective of the first paragraph of Article 7 is to enable the family to be together in the host State . As I stated above , the Court has ruled that the purpose of that article is to favour employment and residence of Turkish workers duly registered as belonging to the labour force of a Member State by ensuring that their family links are maintained there . ( 29 ) It was in view of that objective that the Court held , in Kadiman , that the family members should live with the worker in question continuously during the three years referred to in the first paragraph of Article 7 . The lens discloses a large number of hair - ends , clean cut by the scissors of the barber .
L550	When I see you , my dear Watson , with a week 's accumulation of dust upon your hat , and when your wife allows you to go out in such a state , I shall fear that you also have been unfortunate enough to lose your wife 's affection . " " But he might be a bachelor . " Remember the card upon the bird 's leg . " " You have an answer to everything . But how on earth do you deduce that the gas is not laid on in his house ? " " One tallow stain , or even two , might come by chance ; but when I see no less than five , I think that there can be little doubt that the individual must be brought into frequent contact with burning tallow -- walks upstairs at night probably with his hat in one hand and a guttering candle in the other . Anyhow , he never got tallow - stains from a gas - jet . Are you satisfied ? " What ? ! What in the world did you do to make the child throw up ? ! Oh my god .. so you left her to cry until she threw up ? ! I thought you said that you were going to take care of it , Ahjumma ! We must begin . Thank you . Are you ready , girls ? I just wanted to thank you for the concert .
L551	Nothing , not yet . Can I take this .. ? Sure . Yes , hello ? Martinsson has taken Rasmusson in . I will just ... Hurry up , we 're leaving right away . That 's strong . - Chris , your truck 's ready . Impossible . Okay . Interesting . I gave it to you ? No answer ; only the smell of burning diesel and burning bodies , only the rain falling ceaselessly out of the gray sky and drumming on the cement while my wife lay dead on the road behind me . No answer then and no answer now . But of course it was n't only Melly Moores that John Coffey saved in 1932 , or Del 's mouse , the one that could do that cute trick with the spool and seemed to be looking for Del long before Del showed up ... long before John Coffey showed up , either . John saved me , too , and years later , standing in the pouring Alabama rain and looking for a man who was n't there in the shadows of an underpass , standing amid the spilled luggage and the ruined dead , I learned a terrible thing : sometimes there is absolutely no difference at all between salvation and damnation . I felt one or the other pouring through me as we sat together on his bunk - November the eighteenth , nineteen and thirty - two .
L552	Pouring out of him and into me , whatever strange force he had in him coming through our joined hands in a way our love and hope and good intentions somehow never can , a feeling that began as a tingle and then turned into something tidal and enormous , a force beyond anything I had ever experienced before or have ever experienced since . Since that day I have never had pneumonia , or the flu , or even a strep throat . I have never had another urinary infection , or so much as an infected cut . I have had colds , but they have been infrequent - six or seven years apart , and although people who do n't have colds often are supposed to suffer more serious ones , that has never been the case with me . Once , earlier on in that awful year of 1956 , I passed a gallstone . And although I suppose it will sound strange to some reading this in spite of all I have said , part of me relished the pain that came when that gallstone went . It was the only serious pain I 'd had since that problem with my waterworks , twenty - four years before .
L553	It 's incredible . I did n't realize you stopped practicing . Yeah , I guess I ... needed a ... I needed to mix it up a little , so ... She peaked , you know , with the cartilage generation . Uh , you know , sometimes it 's best And after the anesthesia is administered , Brian will be ready for surgery . And when exactly are we gon na see doctors Avery and Karev again ? No offense , but we 're here to trail them , not you . No problem . Wilson , could you show our friends up to the gallery ? Everyone , right this way . He opened them by inserting the bottlecaps into bullet holes in the trunk lid and snapping down . Even José grunted with amusement at that , and Escobedo was one who admired such panache . " Danger makes me thirsty , " Cortez explained , passing the other bottles around . " It has been an exciting night , " Escobedo agreed , taking a long pull on his bottle . The problem was simply that things were too damned easy . Repeatedly imposed prison terms and large fines against those involved in peaceful protests and as a result bears responsibility for the repression of civil society and democratic opposition in Belarus . Those summaries shall be in sufficient detail to permit a reasonable understanding of the substance of the information submitted in confidence .
L554	In such exceptional circumstances , a statement of the reasons why summarisation is not possible must be provided . Article 6 Informing workers 1 . Godspeed ! I need a drink ! You want a room ? No , only a rest . But your horse looks worn out . Put some wine in his oats . My sister 's ill ... Do as I asked ! Why are they ringing ? For the doctor . He 's out , but at least five people are ill The water 's gone sour . Is Manosque far ? You wo n't be there by tonight . It takes a day . Are you sick , too ? Yeah , I 'll be fine . Oh yes . Storm . Easy , easy . Scott , something 's wrong . I did resist the temptation to skip to the back where the shorter and more clearly mystical chapters are . it would slip away overnight . The Koran declares that it comes So one - third of it Joseph , Mary , Jesus . God himself was utterly familar from his earlier manifestation as Yahweh -- jealously insisting on no other gods . New realities Africa is now at the heart of international politics , but what is genuinely new is that Africa - and the African Union ( AU ) in particular - is emerging , not as a development issue , but as a political actor in its own right .
L555	The Schuman Declaration - 1950 - 2000 O ( An ) opportunity and a challenge - Migration in the European Union P Panorama of the European Union ( 2009 ) Panorama of the European Union ( 2007 ) Q R S ( A ) new idea for Europe : ( e ) Other fruiting vegetables ( iv ) The President Martin SCHULZ The Secretary - General Klaus WELLE ( 1 ) OJ C 388 , 15.12.2012 , p. Regions eligible for transitional assistance under the Competitiveness and Employment objective : " So why have you chosen Patashoqua ? " " It has . . . sentimental associations , " Pie replied . " You 'll see for yourself , very soon . " The mystif paused . " You do still want to go ? " " Of course . " " Then why are we delaying ? " Pie 's fingers touched Gentle 's face . " Close your eyes . " Gentle did so . " You have to help me , " the mystif said . " Tell me what to do . " Come back tomorrow . Fuck ! You shoulïve gone into overtime to get that shot . Is the second day and we 're two weeks behind . Next time Martin already told me that he loves it . I do n't think Martin is right . Why the hell not ? ! Because he 's too short . Why does he keep pushing Martin ?
L556	The total quantity covered by ' A' licence applications submitted by a traditional importer in any import tariff quota period may not exceed that importer 's reference quantity . Insulin Human Winthrop Comb 25 SoloStar 100 IU / ml suspension for injection in a pre - filled pen . What ? I do . What ? Are you serious ? Who is it ? Why ? Leave me alone ! Come on , you should push harder . But he 's interested in someone else . Go ahead and snatch him ! You 're too cute , Shiori . Many participants wondered what resources would be available for such commitments . At the reasonable hour Of Six A.M. , I called Marino . He sounded as if he were in a stupor . " We locked up maybe five people . The rest got quiet after that and went back inside . What are you doing awake ? " " Well , put on some coffee , " he said . CHAPTER 9 WHEN HE ARRIVED , LUCY WAS STILL IN BED AND I was making coffee . I let him in , dismayed again when I looked out at my street . Overnight , Richmond had turned to glass , and I had heard on the news that falling branches and trees had knocked down power lines in several sections of the city . Keep training . No , really ! You only got a stick . Fascinating .
L557	We 'll see if breeze try to blow us tonight . Well , I think mate in life is stupid . I mean everybody just sit around . . . Be a jerk . Not you , the baby . I ai n't exactly doing it right now , pal . Do n't fall in . if you do , you 'll physically . . . This is our private stuff for ice age . Mr. Maynard ? Yes , Tony ? We 'll get him . I felt . I have felt . Gerry . Where is he ? Who ? The man who was supposed to kill you . Who wants to know ? Fucking hell . So where is he ? Tell me , or I 'll cut off his finger and make you swallow it . ETSI ES 203 915 series UMTS Customized Applications for Mobile network Enhanced Logic ( CAMEL ) Phase 3 ; CAMEL Application Part ( CAP ) specification ETSI TS 129 078 UMTS Open Service Access ( OSA ) ; Application Programming Interface ( API ) ; Part 1 : Overview ETSI TS 129 198 - 1 UMTS Open Services Architecture Application Programming Interface - Part 2 ETSI TR 129 998 4.2 . Access to network facilities and services No standard and/or specification is included in the present List of Standards , as none were currently seen to be satisfying the criteria set out in the explanatory note .
L558	318 The administrative appropriations required will be met by the appropriations of the DG which are already assigned to management of the action and/or which have been redeployed within the DG , together if necessary with any additional allocation which may be granted to the managing DG under the annual allocation procedure and in the light of budgetary constraints . Could it be suicide ? No ... This is most suspicious . Riley , we ca n't trust him . You were saying ? Cong is using the chip against you . He 's done something to the computers . You 're getting bad data . He 's lying to you , Gabriel . You 're not a machine . Feel . You know me , Gabriel . Look at me , and ... tell me what you feel , not what you think . You may not have memory , but you have sense memory . What 's the difference ? You feel them , just like you felt that it was wrong to put a chip in those kids . You did n't remember . Listen to your ... inner voice . Sis , I see you 're also here . Carry it right ! Be careful . Jae - eun . Hee - chul ! Oh yeah , you left this bag in the cafe . Hyung - suk told me to bring it here on my way . Hey , let 's get ready to leave . Jae - eun .
L559	Does anybody else want to say anything about Don ? You must have some sweet memories that you want to share with us . How about when you first met ? He said to me , " Hug me again and I 'll kick you in the prick " . Right , well , that was a beautiful story . You 've lived with Donnie for a while . Donnie ? You must have had lots of fun times together ? Well , to be honest , Bri , there 's just been so many moments , you know ? There 's too many to pick from . This party was meant to make me feel better about my life . Not worse ! Well , your life 's not bad , Don . Eddie . I 've achieved nothing . Why do things the right way ? Spend your summers building houses , Drag your cello to school every day , Write the perfect essay , and for what ? ! " No , thank you , Alex ! " " we do n't want you , Alex ! " Okay , you are drawing more attention to yourself Than the guy wearing a ferret as a scarf . I do n't care anymore ! I 've spent my entire life trying to be perfect , And where did it get me ? I think that this is a good thing for you . Can you just spare me today ? No .
L560	But you 're gon na dust yourself off , Maybe put on some lipstick for once , and keep going . Look , you are a superstar ! I 've been saying since you were 10 You 're gon na be on the supreme court . Thanks . Lab coat , robe ... As long as something 's covering up your outfit , You 're gon na be just fine . The EU has remained fully committed to ongoing efforts aimed at achieving a diplomatic solution to the Iranian nuclear issue through negotiations , based on the NPT and the full implementation of all relevant UNSC and IAEA Board of Governors Resolutions . The interim agreement known as the Joint Plan of Action reached between the E3/EU+3 and Iran in Geneva in November 2013 entered into force on 20 January 2014 with a decision of the Foreign Affairs Council . After the beginning of the implementation of the Joint Plan of Action the EU High Representative , together with the Political Directors of the E3 + 3 ( China , France , Germany , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States ) , embarked on negotiations with Iran aimed to reach a long - term comprehensive solution to the Iranian nuclear issue as envisaged in the Joint Plan of Action .
L561	The EU remains concerned about Iran ballistic missile programs and activities and the inherent risks for the development of a nuclear payload for a missile and is determined that all issues raised in the UNSC resolutions 1737 , 1747 , 1803 , 1835 and 1929 must be fully resolved . Regarding the DPRK , the EU has continued to urge the DPRK to abide by its obligations assumed under the relevant UN Security Council Resolutions , including by abandoning all its existing nuclear and ballistic missile programs in a complete , verifiable and irreversible manner . The EU has continued to call on the DPRK to return to full compliance with the NPT and IAEA safeguards obligations , and provide the IAEA with the requested access to individuals , documentation , equipment and facilities . The EU has constantly been supportive of the resumption of the Six - Party Talks process , and has called for DPRK to return to credible and authentic international negotiations . In addition to implementing UN Security Council Resolutions , the EU has also introduced additional autonomous restrictive measures , including strengthened controls on dual use goods and the proliferation of conventional arms . The EU renewed its appeal to the DPRK urging it to ratify the CTBT and to refrain from any further provocative acts . The EU remains extremely concerned by the DPRK 's highly developed technology in the field of ballistic missiles , notably its long range missiles projects .
L562	Further entitlements of a very specific and limited kind , which are not displayed in the tables , may emerge . If the holder of a ' Klasse 2' entitlement issued before 1.4.1957 or of a ' Klasse 5' entitlement issued after 31.3.1957 had his 50th birthday before 31.12.1999 , his entitlement ceased to be valid on 31.12 . Floppy Flow analysis Folder Forecast Foreground Format Formula Fraction Free Software Frequency GNOME GNU " There is no such thing as choice in such an event ! You accept it . merely accept it . You will never understand it or know it . What do you say to that ' ? " " I fear the unknown , Lord . " " But I do n't fear it . Tell me why ! " Moneo had been expecting a crisis such as this and , now that it had come , he almost welcomed it . He stared at his God Emperor , mind racing . " It is because of all your memories , Lord . " .. Yes ? " Moneo grasped at words . ANALYSIS OF KEY ISSUES The management of the health workforce can be considered in terms of inputs ( training ) , ongoing support and supervision ( maintenance ) and managing health worker attrition , including management of both the push and pull factors causing out - migration .
L563	The response to the crisis in the health sector needs to be set within the context of a governments overall approach to public administration , recognising that reform or change in one sector of public administration will have consequences in other sectors . Years of chronic underinvestment in health worker training has led to limited training capacity in many countries . Some of the under capacity is a consequence of insufficient public investment in the health sector aimed at limiting unsustainable growth in salary ( recurrent ) costs . He 'd just rounded a corner to the right when he slammed to a stop , his feet almost skidding out from under him . " Shh , " Minho whispered . " There 's a freaking Griever up there . " Minho simply nodded , then put his finger to his lips . The markings on the insulin syringe will not measure your dose correctly . A severe overdose can result , causing low blood sugar which may put your life in danger . Do not transfer insulin from your Humalog 200 units / ml KwikPen to any other insulin delivery devices like insulin infusion pumps . A regulation pursuant to paragraph 1 shall not become applicable earlier than six months following its adoption . Article 8 Application of the market - share thresholds 1 . The market share shall be calculated on the basis of market sales value data .
L564	Charlie , I 'm burst transmitting a hit sheet of your Fatah research . Guys , I 've powered down . I feel too many eyes on me . Stay on those vests . I 'm getting out of here . Why did n't we just say that we got Hannibal Lecter or the Joker . Who told you ? I 'm the Chief of Staff . So what does he want ? ' own funds instruments' means capital instruments issued by the institution that qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 , Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments ; This provision states that when the acquirer does not purchase an entire group , but only one , or part , of its businesses , whether or not constituted as a subsidiary , only the turnover of the part acquired should be included in the turnover calculation . In fact , although in legal terms the seller as a whole ( with all its subsidiaries ) is an essential party to the transaction , since the sale - purchase agreement can not be concluded without him , he plays no role once the agreement has been implemented . Look at that . A cop who drinks French champagne . This is Lt . Harrelson , O lympic SWAT commander .
L565	Urges , once again , Belarus , the only European country which still carries out capital punishment , to introduce an immediate moratorium on executions and to immediately announce a moratorium on the death penalty as a first step towards complete abolition ; Bilbo could not guess what had maddened the wretched creature , but he saw that all was up , and that Gollum meant to murder him at any rate . Just in time he turned and ran blindly back up the dark passage down which he had come , keeping close to the wall and feeling it with his left hand . " What has it got in its pocketses ? " he heard the hiss loud behind him , and the splash as Gollum leapt from his boat . " What have I , I wonder ? " he said to himself , as he panted and stumbled along . He put his left hand in his pocket . The ring felt very cold as it quietly slipped on to his groping forefinger . The hiss was close behind him . He turned now and saw Gollum 's eyes like small green lamps coming up the slope . Terrified he tried to run faster , but suddenly he struck his toes on a snag in the floor , and fell flat with his little sword under him . In a moment Gollum was on him .
L566	And she certainly does n't look like herb . Jeez , all I said to Grace was that I met Jacob and he 's a really nice guy . Well , obviously Grace does n't want to talk about him , Ames . Oh , please , Wife Number One called you and said something to you because Grace said something to her . That is ridiculous ! We 're seniors ! We 're all grown up now and Grace still has to have her mommy call my daddy because I did something mean to her ? Just call her and apologize . I 've got a two - year - old who wants his favorite pajama shirt before he 'll go to bed tonight . And I have n't eaten , I 'm hungry and all you care about is Wife Number One 's daughter ? No , it is n't , is it ? For the third time now . Or some critter tethered to a post , I was eight , He was gone over two and a half weeks , He left you ? Subject : Information concerning the use of funds under the Consumer Policy programme by the municipality of Terni Joint answer from the Commission ( 16 September 2010 ) Jesus ! Security ? You 're worth more than that , Dave . She do n't think so . The juggling bugger ? No way . It 's not as if I 'd blame her .
L567	Nobody tells them Chippendales to do security . Two weeks . That 's what the man said , and he 's not taking the piss . Aye , it 's a thought . Think of Jean 's face when she sees you dancing like " Flashdance " . Do n't touch it ! Good , you 're back . I swear to God , if you hand me a muffin , I 'm out of here . You do n't know Samantha . How , exactly , did he describe what he was giving you ? The Doctor has a secret , you know ? And it is discovered . I forgot to lock the door . It does n't matter , Jenny . What misunderstanding ? Tell me . No , ma'am , please , I should 've locked up before we went into the trance . Jenny , it does n't matter ! Someone 's broken in . Someone 's with us . Jenny , are you all right ? Sorry , ma'am . I think I 've been murdered . End of scam . " Jon broke a lengthening silence . " Indeed , " Arkezhan said . " I regret , my lord Wei , we can not hear your doubtless fascinating conversation . Article 2 This Decision shall enter into force on the date of its adoption . It shall apply from 1 July 2013 . Done at Brussels , 8 July 2013 . Nothing . Drop it !
L568	You all hate me ! Especially you , Lieutenant ! You think I 'm a country fool ! Rohleder ... Leave me alone . You 're my best man Without you , we 'd be dead already . Here ... - Here ... Wölk , Pflüger , cover the doors ! Russians everywhere . ( see para . 61 ) 6 . In proceedings for breach of the competition rules , it is not until the beginning of the inter partes administrative stage that the undertaking concerned is informed , by the notification of the statement of objections , of all the essential evidence on which the Commission relies at that stage of the procedure . Consequently , the other parties' replies to the statement of objections are not , in principle , included in the documents of the investigation file that the parties may consult . The same applies where the Commission relies on such a document in order to prove the role of instigator or leader of one of the undertakings concerned .
L569	That just ca n't be right ! If everybody is cool , then really nobody is cool . You do n't know what you 're talking about . Look at you . The modern - day media , the magazines , the TV they show us what coolness is , so that you pony - tale pretenders can go out there and buy coolness , thus fooling the weak - minded . I had enough of you , buddy ! We 'd never win this fight with Crick . lonely had one desperate chance . Get the hell off me ! Bastard ! What the fuck ! I think we ditched him . What was that ? Too late , Fronsac . You and Sardis trained the Beast . ' - Ah ! What is that ? It 's a map , you idiot . A map ! Will it lead us to the time machine ? Where is it ? It 's , uh ... Oh , we follow the blue line . Of course . We 'll both follow the blue line and get to the time machine and stop Thanksgiving . Welcome to the team . filter cluster dock management mobile device approximate taxes replenishment shipment wave work transportation demand action Hang on . Do n't give up , man . Yeah , I wo n't . Shit ! What you dodging them for ? Run their ass over . They 're still somebody . That was kinda fun .
L570	Hey , dude , if you 're feeling lucky , you go for it . I 'd be like prime rib to those fuckers . They have to . Just stop talking , okay ? Please hurry ! Dan , just be quiet , okay ? What the fuck am I supposed to do ? Hey , are you all right ? Yeah , I 'm alive . I 'm pretty afraid . Is my face changing color anywhere ? I do n't know . I ca n't see anything . Of the deed to my townhouse ? Does the logo look familiar ? So Alex had it on his t - shirt , so we know that he 's been there . Given how close the bar is , and , and how any patient who 's been here would 've seen it . Maybe we should talk to them and find out if any other patients like jazz and free drinks . Here 's a list of the other three guys . What if they turn violent like Tommy did ? Hey , do n't worry about it . Hey , Brade - ster , you probably know their schedules , right ? So , let 's figure out what classes your pals are in right now . Yeah , yeah . We can just get Tommy to do that . Okay guys , let 's split up and get us some marbles ! Come on . We 'll fix this . Right .
L571	How did you get those pigeons ? They just happened to be there , so I filmed them What an idea ! Well , yes - I like that I would like to recommend for the award ... ... The Jubileeby Filip Mosz , from the Wielice Film Club The way it captures the solemnity of the occasion ... ... while peering behind the scenes It shows great powers of observation ... ... and reflects an interesting modern approach ... ... to film narrative He is n't that young . Let 's see you ... ... Mr Mosz " But be quick , " she said . " Or it 's over for us all . " Her gaze had left Grillo 's face and was directed out to the lot , or to the night beyond it . Somebody was expected at this party . The other wraith , surely . Come on , where 's that snake ? I want Savio ! Transcript from eavesdrop : f1nc0 sync : vegemite I beg to differ . ( sam ) respiratory rate ? 24 and labored . Put her in bay one . Do-- Have you ever done one of those city college lecture things ? Because you look really familiar . No . No , that was n't me . I 'm a single mother with three kids , dr . Wallace . When something goes wrong , it 's always about me . OK . Determination and heart mean everything to me .
L572	If you do n't have that , you better fucking go home now . Yes . Yes . Louden - ALL : Come on , you can do better than that . That 's better . - Sweet . Same time tomorrow , yeah ? Oh , I ai n't done with you yet . - What ? Analytical synopsis of the order of Squali ; and revision of the nomenclature of the genera . Document Class Please enter the new document class : Set all options from this standard class ( optional ) : Use standard fontsizes Use standard papersizes Do you want to remove " Argument " from the document class list ? Remove Document Class Please enter the fontsizes ( comma - separated list ) : Add Papersize Please enter the papersizes ( comma - separated list ) : Do you want to remove " Argument " from the papersize list ? Remove Papersize Tyler ! What the hell ? ! We need some help over here ! Caroline ! What is it ? It 's your dad . If you die with it in your system , you'il come back . Anna 's dead . I saw her killed . I know you cared about her . Yeah , I did . Okay . That would be the main accommodation block there . Restaurant . Pool . Outdoor or indoor ? One outdoor , one indoor ... both flanked by the treatment rooms . It 's a beautiful place .
L573	' She is technically innocent . But , really , she 's totally guilty . Well , actually , I was thinking , I 've had quite a big think about everything and , um , I think I 've changed my mind . Why ? Partially , but basically , I accidentally got talking to her in a club . No , we ca n't admit this . That grounds for a mistrial . OK , sure . If you want . Say it 's a mistrial , go crying to Daddy . And , yes , I can apologise for how I 've done that , but I could never apologise for telling the truth , and the truth is that this woman is evil ! If we let her go today , we are going to be responsible for whatever she does , so help me God , and let the Lord be my witness ! Maybe it 's equalizing the pull , something like that . Sit down . Fosaprepitant is the prodrug of aprepitant and when administered intravenously is converted rapidly to aprepitant ( see section 5.2 ) . The contribution of fosaprepitant to the overall antiemetic effect has not fully been characterised , but a transient contribution during the initial phase can not be ruled out . Aprepitant is a selective high - affinity antagonist at human substance P neurokinin 1 ( NK1 ) receptors .
L574	Why do n't you , for my benefit , tell me again what happened last night . A man put a knife to my throat . And this happened where ? On Grand Avenue . You sure it was n't Halsted ? Down in Boystown ? Because if you 're telling me you were n't there , and the blood in the car matches your blood , that tells me you 're not a victim , but a killer . Which story is it gon na be , Mr. Fash ? Okay , and hurry . Why do they even let them in here ? Leaving here is probably a good idea anyway . If I stay any longer , I 'm going to do something I 'll have to pretend to regret . My favorite bar that I come to all the time just 'cause . Awesome band name . Why did you bring them ? I was afraid to leave them home . So what are you guys drinking ? FYl , I 'm leaving with the redheads in five minutes . And I figured we could work out a schedule , and I could pay half of the nanny bill , and I 'm totally willing to reimburse you for any back child care or any other expenditures that you may have ... W ... w ... wait ... wait a minute . What are you talking about ? I know thisis not gon na happen right away .
L575	You were recently thinking about moving to New York , I told you , that was a crisis point . Which to me means I 'm not letting you have Lucas . I 'm his father . That club is very popular . Barbara used to go there often . Is the expression ' ethnic origin' used in Directive 2000/43/EC and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union to be interpreted as covering a compact group of Bulgarian citizens of Roma origin such as those living in the ' Gizdova mahala' district of the town of Dupnitsa ? All due respect , Carmine , that 's why you need to get out there , put your ear to the street , let the guys see you take the reins . That 's not how I wanna handle it . After all I did for that blue - eyed prick , then he completely fucks me over . Where the fuck you been ? Anything on Tony B ? There she is . My Smelly Valentine . Christopher , that 's not funny . I can handle a cocktail once in a while . You guys OK ? Yeah . It 's not high res satellite but there appear to be a number of vehicles and bodies nearby but we have no idea what they are . All right . We wanna make surehe feels safe enough to take delivery of the virus . Got it .
L576	Commander Reese . What about the others ? I 've got two people . They 're coming with me . We 've spotted a vehicle from the air , heading this way . It 's the Salazars . ( 1 ) Texts adopted of 7 June 2005 , P6_TA(2005)0211 . Here we go ! What the hell is that ? All right , you nailed them ! I hope no one was hurt . Miss Ouiser , that dog will eat Daddy alive ! Hell listen to you ! Its my wedding day ! Say something to your dog ! Kill , Rhett ! Daddy , what happened ? Bite him in the balls ! Sorry . You have a 1 0:30 with Reverend Frank . Yeah . is he here ? I do n't know if you remember me , Reverend Frank , but .... About .... Like .... Fifty dates in two months . Ask users to enter a numeric value , such as a quantity or price . string Pursuant to Article 21 of Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 2771/1999 of 16 December 1999 laying down detailed rules for the application of Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1255/1999 as regards intervention on the market in butter and cream ( 2 ) , intervention agencies have put up for sale by standing invitation to tender certain quantities of butter held by them .
L577	In the light of the tenders received in response to each individual invitation to tender a minimum selling price shall be fixed or a decision shall be taken to make no award , in accordance with Article 24a of Regulation ( EC ) No 2771/1999 . The measures provided for in this Regulation are in accordance with the opinion of the Management Committee for Milk and Milk Products , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION : Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on 26 May 2006 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 24 May 2006 . Article 4 For administrative purposes the code number assigned to the product group shall be 019 . Done at Brussels , 19 July 2001 . For the Commission Margot Wallström Member of the Commission ( 1 ) OJ L 237 , 21.9.2000 , p. 1 . ANNEX FRAMEWORK In order to qualify for the eco - label , a hand dishwashing detergent ( hereinafter referred to as " the product " must fall within the product group as defined in Article 1 , and must comply with the criteria of this Annex , with tests carried out on application as indicated in the criteria and the technical appendix . Where appropriate , other test methods may be used if their equivalence is accepted by the competent body or bodies assessing the application ( hereinafter referred to as the " competent body " ) .
L578	The criteria are set at levels that promote the labelling of hand dishwashing detergents that have a low environmental impact . ECOLOGICAL CRITERIA 1 . Submissions made after disclosure is given shall be taken into consideration only if received within a period to be set by the Commission in each case , which shall be at least 20 days , due consideration being given to the urgency of the matter . Article 5 General hearing 1 . A requesting country has the right to be heard by the Commission . Although reds and oranges predominated , every part of the spectrum was available somewhere , though seldom for long in the same place . The methane storms and ammonia rains were continually sculpting the landscape . " Hello , Sled Three , " said Oasis Control suddenly . Though the soft , green grass looked inviting , she pulled herself up into a tree . Cradling herself in two closely spaced branches , she put her head on one of the branches and shut her eyes . They left me to die , she thought . They killed others . What gives them the right ? ( iii ) Class II This class includes table grapes that do not qualify for inclusion in the higher classes , but satisfy the minimum requirements specified above . The berries must be sufficiently firm and sufficiently firmly attached , and , where possible , still have their bloom .
L579	The following defects may be allowed provided the table grapes retain their essential characteristics as regards the quality , the keeping quality and presentation : defects in shape , defects in colouring , slight sun scorch affecting the skin only , slight bruising , slight skin defects . III . PROVISIONS CONCERNIG SIZING Size is determined by the weight of the bunch . Go ahead . Will you please stop ? Look , stop cleaning up , okay ? Look , if we ever had an excuse for once to have our place look like shit , it 's now . So just relish the opportunity , okay ? And within that tension , there was an expectation . Symbol for number . Computer is ready . That number is CNA , Mrs. Coleman speaking . This is Harold Thomas , Mrs. Coleman . Customer service , requesting a CNA on 202 - 227 - 0098 . One moment , please . They ca n't stop me from seeing you . Meadow . Take that , in the drawer , in the drawer . Take it . This wasyour grandmother 's , was n't it ? Come on , motherfuck ! Motherfuck ! Oh , fuck . See , my mother and me , we had a falling out . Clean break . What kind of falling out ? One of those unfortunate situations . It 's over , John . Got your bracelets , Carter ? See ?
L580	I trusted you , Carter , and you threw it away along with a very promising career . I 'm sorry . It was my fault . 0.6 mL of solution ( 12 mg methylnaltrexone bromide ) I ask for one case . One case and you could n't get us in on it . Dude , I 'm sorry . There 's no case here . Lassie 's actually right . Your boy stabbed some dude on camera in front of everybody , look . Look at the moment when the knife goes into Nunez . Yeah , but look there , Gama - Lobo 's face . He does n't look angry , he looks fright . More importantly , he looks surprised . That is not the face of a premeditated killer . A big fat double - stuffed chalupa of a case with guacamole . That 's how you do it . Looking good ! - Uh - huh . Okay , adjust your angle of bank with your alien irons ! Oh , yeah . Oh , great . Oil lines and oil cooler check out . Mmm - hmm . Nice . Huh . Really ? That kind of damage comes from extremely high speeds . Hey ! Pushing the engine to the red line for prolonged periods of time . ( b ) conditions for escorted returns , including the transit of third - country nationals and stateless persons under escort ;
L581	
L582	From a laboratory bulk sample consisting of a single cutting representative of the cloth Cut a diagonal strip from one corner to the other and remove the selvedges . And forced me to do things , things I never would have believed , until Senator Perrin showed me evidence . And there are still people being held captive by the Dollhouse . They do n't even know they need help . So that means we have to help them . MALE REPORTER : What do you plan to do ? We applaud Miss Costly 's bravery , and we ask that you respect her privacy throughout the inquiry process . Remind me why you released her from her contract two years early . It was an internal matter . Something to do with keeping you from exposing this house to the public . Well , that worked out . ADELLE : Something obviously has gone very wrong , but the protocol at this house can not be blamed . I 'm not questioning your protocol , Adelle . It 's your judgment that 's become the issue here .
L583	15 years ago , you were so mad at me about baghdad . That 's not the point . The point is that I do n't want there Walter : Oh , yeah , yeah . ( drone whirring ) They 're all skinners . Now the grasslands have turned into desert . The sheep and cattle all gone , dead or sold off . It 's tough to survive here . I need to pee . Me , too . All right , stop yelling . Gayu , hand me the bucket . Wait your turn . The gunmen had to cross this river if they 're heading north . It 's crossable ! One , two , three ! Get up and help . Who wants a drink ? Everyone benefits . More countries need to do it . Countries must invest in equipment and infrastructure and share information across borders . The fact that there has been no major nuclear terrorist attack should not lull us into a fall sense of security . The threat remains . We must seize the opportunity to ensure that our worst nightmare never becomes our waking reality .
L584	Even if such a decision could be regarded as a measure confirming the first decision , and thus as indissociable from that decision and to that extent capable of having an adverse effect , the Community court hearing an action against that decision should observe , of its own motion , that the action involves the same parties , has the same purpose and is based on the same grounds . In such circumstances the action would be manifestly inadmissible on the grounds of lis pendens . ( see paras 67 - 68 ) 58/72 and 75/72 Perinciolo v Council [ 1973 ] ECR 511 , paras 3 to 5 ; 172/83 and 226/83 Hoogovens Groep v Commission [ 1985 ] ECR 2831 , para . Article 94 Refund of benefits in kind provided under sickness and maternity insurance to the members of the family of an employed or self - employed person not residing in the same Member State as the latter 1 . Oh , there 's Leonarïs Grocery . Sure . Is there something I can do for you , ma'am ? Do n't you know who I am ? Give me a Moon Pie and a Dr. Pepper , Mr. Leonard . Rose Foster . Jeez . This is her . Thirty - nine flood . Fifty - one , please . Right there . He was in his cell at lights out . I want him found . Not tomorrow , not after breakfast . I believe you met Christabella .
L585	Because if we fail to save Babylon 4 ... ... Babylon 5 will also be destroyed . Now you 're telling me it was me ? Is me ? You ca n't be serious . It is history . It has already been done . Until I came to Babylon 5 , none of us knew where the station had come from . We knew only that it helped us win the war . Once I learned the truth , I was afraid to say anything ... ... in case I mightaccidentally change the future . You 're the one failing trig , not me . Is this 99 Oak ? No , that 's next door . Thanks . Hey , Mom ? Yeah . I 'm in here . Have you seen the new guy next door ? No , but he 's got a live - in carpenter . With my luck , he 's probably gay . I do n't think so . Why ? What do you know that I do n't ? Study ? You ? I guess we 're taking off the training wheels . Yeah , I guess so . This'il be fun to watch . Oh , yeah . Hey , Andi . Cady , hi . I think he 's making a delivery ... or something . I actually wanted to talk to you . Well , what 's up ? Something going on with Sam ? He 's been acting a little weird lately .
L586	Yeah , he always acts weird . I would n't worry about it . Judgment of the Court ( Third Chamber ) of 29 November 2007 - Italy v Commission ( Case C - 417/06 P ) Appeal - Admissibility - Structural Funds - Financing of Community initiatives - Amendment of indicative allocations - Enforcement of the final judgment 1 . ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 12 . According to this principle , the Member States are responsible for the implementation ( operational and financial ) of the funded actions while the Commission remains responsible for the overall budget execution . For the use of each Fund , the Commission adopts strategic guidelines setting out the EU programming framework . Each participating Member State prepares a multi - annual programme applying these strategic guidelines in the context of its own needs . What do you think you 're doing ? Yes . You are incompetent . Page 45 of the employee manual clearly states that you must sign your call log at the end of every day . How much farther ? I should have you on the ground in about 1 5 minutes . What you reading there , trooper ? Sweetie , the nice lady asked you a question . Oh , last night he would hardly stop talking about it . He kept insisting that one of those dinosaur things - was hiding in the closet . Oh , my daughter 's his age . No , no , we'il talk about that later .
L587	Do n't tell me that goblet ofgoodness in your hand had n't made ya happy . No , even that , whatever it actually is . That 's Ambrosia , Billy . Mmm , Providence , Rhode Island . Why , why would you come back here ? I teach for money . How come there are n't more girls , like you , writing Hugo ? My mother used to do that for awhile . She must be very proud of you . Why not ? Perhaps you'il consider an alternative arrangement , one which requires absolutely nothing from you but information . Regarding the Brethren Court , no doubt . In exchange for fair compensation ? Square my debt with Jones , guarantee my freedom . Were I in a divulgatory mood what then might I divulge ? Everything . Where are they meeting ? Who are the pirate lords ? What is the purpose of the nine pieces of eight ? Beckett agreed the Black Pearl was to be mine . Lord Beckett 's not gon na give up the only ship that can outrun the Dutchman , is he ? Shame they 're not bound to honour the code of the Brethren , is n't it ? The following error occurred:% % 1 Windows can not load the Internet Configuration library ( ICFG95.DLL ) . The following error occurred : % 1 The Internet Configuration library ( ICFG95.DLL ) on your computer is not the correct version .
L588	Type a different name . The selected connection is a CSLIP connection . The Internet Connection Wizard does not support modifying a CSLIP connection . You must specify a proxy server to use . Windows can not load the Internet Configuration library ( ICFGNT.DLL ) . The following error occurred : % 1 Sure . Yeah , it was pretty cool . The Dane Cook of martial arts ? ISIS agents use Krav Maga . Yeah . A tailored suit hangs so much better . Shut up and hem , you old fruit . Heh - heh . CYRIL : Watch yourself . Do n't make it weird . It 's your friend . When would you use an underwear - gun ? Hopefully never . The decision was n't my call ... but this one is . Be back here at 6:00 A.M. Yeah , my girl 's up in Ohio . I 'm spending 12-and - a - half of that hitting it . Deal 's off . Okay , I mean , okay . Damn right . Get out of here . The Add Hardware Wizard helps you install hardware . Handles Processes Total Limit Paged Nonpaged Enter the name that will identify the new desktop . Desktop : To end a remote control session , press this key on the numeric keypad , plus the keys selected below :
L589	Description of product More details have been added to the organoleptic description based on the inspections carried out since the designation was recognised . The peroxide value of olive oil when first marketed has been restricted to 16 milliequivalents of oxygen peroxide for each kilogramme of olive oil . The Commission shall coordinate the Competent Authorities at the Community level through the Gas Coordination Group in particular in the case of a Community Emergency . You must have hated me . On the contrary , I loved you . How could you ? I thought you were too young to know your own mind . But you were n't . I must think about leaving . You 're returning to Paris ? Yes . I must stay here . Why ? Money . According to the press , you have millions . S. Orlandi , A. Coolen , J .- N. I was about to go to the door when that guy did it for me . Was it all right ? - Yes and no . I did n't get a good look at him either , but he sure looked at me . I 'm gon na try and sneak in tonight . Yeah . I 'll tell Mike I 'm sick . Indices So ? He 's my father . Well , I do n't care . I do n't care ! No . I know . She mad ? not known MetroHomicide . Why , do you know him ?
L590	What does that mean ? How , uh-- how many dates we talking about here ? Like two , or three ? Four . Not a big deal . Four months . At least four months . That is a big deal . So what 's Kemp doing here ? Double homicide-- it 's an older couple . And I came up with a tune , just humming . Morris here 's a modern - day poet . Kind of like in the olden times . Goes something like this : He stands alone anyhow ... baking the cookies of discontent ... by the heat of the laundromat vent . You know , kind of off - center , then I drop down ... and then I go : Leaving his soul ... parting the waters of the medulla oblongata ... of ... mankind . " medulla " and " oblongata . " Well , it did . Melody and tune . That 's your trade , Terence . You 're a tunesmith . I do n't understand the words . He 's already off balance . Average Job Energy = ( Job2 + Job3 + Job4 ) / 3 Daily Job Energy = ( Job1 × 2 ) + [ ( Jobs per Day - 2 ) × Average Job Energy ) ] The calculation method for printers , digital duplicators and MFDs with print - capability , and fax machines also uses the following three equations :
L591	The calculation method for copiers , digital duplicators , and MFDs without print - capability also uses the following three equations : Why so many girlfriends ? I asked you first . I do n't know . This is the worst fake I D I 've ever seen . You realise you made yourself 68 ? ( Johnson ) I know . I goofed it . - ( Andrew ) Why do you need fake I D ? So I can vote . You want to see what 's in my bag ? What is all that stuff ? Do you always carry this much shit in your bag ? Yeah . You never know when you may have to jam . Kesrith was a likely and sensible boundary : the dead space of the Deep discouraged exploration regul - ward without considerable routing round by Hesoghan , an old and firmly regul holding ; and the lure of the Haze - stars would lead humans from Kesrith rimward in due time . I believe that this reasoning can be legitimately applied to the present case . Like the Commission , I consider that in order to consider the questions raised by the High Court of Justice it is necessary as a preliminary matter to determine whether a functional feature like that at issue in the main proceedings is capable of constituting a trade mark for the purposes of Article 2 of the directive .
L592	She was on her cell phone the whole night till her battery ran out . Not that I mind it , but since when did you become me ? I did . Christy said the light was flicked out , so maybe McKeon was with a friend . Worth a try . It 's not just that . What 's up with your bud , Abernathy ? Date Amount April 2009 - March 2010 April 2010 - March 2011 April 2011 - October 2011 Total Maximum aid intensity : The aid intensity is for technical support measure , which will be up to 100 % in accordance with Article 15 of Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1857/2006 . However , the maximum rate of grant will be reduced in line with the rates set out in Article 5.3 of Commission Regulation No 1857/2006 where the heritage feature is productive . Date of implementation : Article 77 Joint hearing If the similarities between two or more cases of the same type so permit , the Court may decide to organise a joint hearing of those cases . Article 79 Cases heard in camera 1 . For serious reasons related , in particular , to the security of the Member States or to the protection of minors , the Court may decide to hear a case in camera .
L593	The benchmarks specified in points 1 to 4 do not necessarily imply that a combination of these values is achievable for a single heater . EN Official Journal of the European Union L 239/162 COMMISSION REGULATION ( EU ) No 814/2013 of 2 August 2013 implementing Directive 2009/125/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to ecodesign requirements for water heaters and hot water storage tanks ( Text with EEA relevance ) Under Directive 2009/125/EC ecodesign requirements should be set by the Commission for energy - related products representing significant volumes of sales and trade , having a significant environmental impact and presenting significant potential for improvement through design in terms of their environmental impact , without entailing excessive costs . Article 16(2)(a ) of Directive 2009/125/EC provides that , in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 19(3 ) and the criteria set out in Article 15(2 ) , and after consulting the Ecodesign Consultation Forum , the Commission should , as appropriate , introduce implementing measures for products offering a high potential for cost - effective reduction of greenhouse gas emissions , such as for water heating equipment . The Commission has carried out a preparatory study on the technical , environmental and economic aspects of water heaters and hot water storage tanks typically used in the domestic and commercial sector .
L594	The significant environmental aspect of hot water storage tanks is energy consumption due to their standing losses . It is not appropriate to set ecodesign requirements for emissions of carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons as no suitable European measurement methods are as yet available . With a view to developing such measurement methods , the Commission mandated the European standardisation organisations to consider ecodesign requirements for those emissions during the review of this Regulation . National provisions for ecodesign requirements on emissions of carbon monoxides and hydrocarbons of water heaters may be maintained until the corresponding Union ecodesign requirements enter into force . VIZ STAL claimed further that a comparison of HRB prices with energy prices , in particular natural gas , would be inappropriate because the main raw material used by the VIZ STAL 's supplier would be coal . On a general basis , VIZ STAL contested any link between the evolution of energy prices and prices of steel products . The information provided regarding the differences in quality and market conditions between various HRB types was neither submitted in the reply to the questionnaire , nor during the on - spot verification , although a detailed product description concerning the HRB type purchased during the IP was specifically requested prior to the on - spot verification . The information submitted by VIZ STAL after the on - spot verification , i.e. largely outside the deadline set in the notice of initiation , could not be verified anymore and had therefore to be rejected .
L595	In any case , it is noted that HRB prices in the Community were subject to significant fluctuations during the IP and that there were also significant price fluctuations of other HRB types on the world market . With regard to energy prices , it should be noted that VIZ STAL 's supplier did not submit a questionnaire reply and was as such not investigated during this investigation . Neither did VIZ STAL provide any evidence supporting its claim . Therefore , the current investigation could not confirm that VIZ STAL 's supplier indeed used coal as a major input for the production of HRB . Likewise , VIZ STAL did not provide any evidence that fluctuations in energy and steel prices would not be linked to each other . Therefore , it can be reasonably expected that fluctuations in energy prices should , under normal conditions in a free market , have an impact on HRB prices . Given the above , the reported HRB prices were not considered reliable . HRB costs had therefore to be adjusted . As mentioned in recitals ( 24 ) to ( 31 ) , costs , including HRB costs of the other known producer of HRB in Russia could not be determined . It 's cool . Everybody can suck it ! It 's time to pass the " Gossip Girl " baton . " Welcome to your future as Gossip Girl 3.0 . For details , please see annex 3 . But I do know business .
L596	My way minimizes it . See , what I want to know is why a successful businessman like yourself want to take any risk at all . The way the economy is today , it 's all gone to shit . And I do n't see any chance of it coming back . And I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to keep my business afloat . I 've worked too hard for too long . My trucks , half a ton without attracting attention . Half a ton ? Man , if I was in the thousand - pound business , I would n't be sitting in this dump right now . All I 'm saying is , whatever you want to move , it wo n't matter in my trucks . I know it 's involved , but it 'll all be worth it , because you 'll know that we have a constant electric field . So let 's do that . I 'm so pleased , Hedda . I 'm so truly pleased . Difficult ? Jimmy ? Hedda , he 's like a son to me . Come on . You have to promise me that you will not write that . Please . All right . You 'll owe me one . Nothing for nothing , huh ? - Yeah . Great . You know what I 'm gon na write ? EN 60335 - 2 - 61 :
L597	Jane went to talk to Theissens ' assistants again . Duval could be our killer . Stay there . Will do . Any sign of Mr. Liu ? A GPS on Liu 's phone points to a warehouse in Oakland . ( door closes ) Yeah . I 'll call you later . Okay . Yeah . Bye . Sorry . Gallery - > recording 2007 - > Foto 51 | Download photo in original size Let the bells ring , and the carolers sing . Put a log on the hearth , and eggnog in your glass . That guy is nosy . He 's the school psychologist . Oh , my God ! Handsome 's gone too far . We 're dead . He take sleep . What you doing ? My school . I 'm a little scared of heights . Help yourself ! You brokemy roof in my school ! He 's not home . Our true gentle hearts are our solace . Yes , you have energy and strength . Sometimes even a helping kick . Dreams and joys and so much more . But your gentle true heart is my solace . Our true gentle hearts are our solace . We have to rebury them . Your job is so demanding . My mother is in fact ... Queen Elizabeth 's youngest sister . But , they 're half sisters , so it 's not officially admitted . We 're right where we want to be . Why ?
L598	Well , we are the FBl . Should n't we be secure ? If we arrest Feinberg , he has to stay here , right ? He ca n't just up and leave . Just overnight , until his arraignment . Overnight is perfect . What are we arresting him for ? Yes ? Yes . You 're under arrest , sir . For what ? Member States shall ensure that basic seed potatoes may be marketed as ' Union grade SE' if they fulfil the following conditions : Not very hard . It was probably harder for Haley 'cause they were friends , but I did n't like Lucas . You did n't like uncle Lucas ? Why ? Where 's your head ? Just thinking about the rules of it all , you know .. how sometimes the heart just wants what it wants . So , what 's going on , Skills ? Hey . My ears are n't that big . Well , mr . Fields , you 've certainly come a long way . It almost seems as though you 're starting to enjoy " les misérables . " You asked me to read the book , and I 'm reading the book . I 've also noticed how you are with Jamie and Nathan . Applicable law - General information | Community law - General information » After I lost my dad , all I ever wished for was just to see him one more time .
L599	Thank you . I knew Conrad was evil , but this ... I should have killed him myself . Ems , breathe . ( a ) a description of the type of activity and the commodities produced in the compartment , including the total capacities of the premises and the number of poultry or other captive birds present ; ( b ) a flow chart clearly indicating in detail all activities carried out in the compartment , and the responsibilities , roles and interrelations of all involved parties ; ( c ) a description of the functional interactions between the holdings comprising the compartment , including a diagram of all premises showing their links to one another ; ( d ) a description of the animal and animal product transport means , their usual routes , and cleaning and parking places . ( c ) the presence of other poultry and other captive birds holdings in the vicinity of the compartment , including density ( such as breeding or fattening farms , backyard farms , markets , collection centres , slaughterhouses , zoos ) ; ( e ) the risk factors and potential pathways for the entry into and spread of avian influenza within the compartment in accordance with Community legislation and/or standards and guidelines of the World Organisation for Animal Health ( OIE ) ; PART 2 Description of the common biosecurity management system and of the biosecurity plans , as referred to in Article 3(2)(c ) Do n't take a picture .
L600	They both fell , but were saved by Pug 's magic . But after he had been cut loose , Jimmy discovered jack 's crossbow ' bolt had struck Anita . After examining the wounded Anita , Father Nathan , in conference with Father Tully , announced that the bolt had been poisoned and the Princess was dying . Jack was questioned and revealed the truth behind the Nighthawks . All he knew of the poison was that it was called Silverthorn . As Anita neared death , Kulgan the magician remembered that a large library existed at the ishapian abbey at Sarth , a town up the coaSt of the Bitter Sea . Pug and Father Nathan used their magic tO suspend Anita in time until a cure could be found . Arutha vowed to travel to Sarth , and after an elaborate ruse to confusde possible spies , Arutha , Laurie , Jimmy , Martin and Cardan , Captain of the Prince 's Royal Household Guard , journeyed north . It 's pretty gross . You have to keep disinfectant on it . The same thing happened when my mom got her mid - life tattoo . Did you just turn 50 ? Now we 're gon na see some weeping . Hey , Melanie . It 's me . Our experiment did n't work . I dropped off the fake scene , but I have n't seen Emmet all day .
L601	I 'm so glad you 're here . Really ? You are ? I did which is why I 'm quitting the movie . We actually thought you handled yourself quite well in this situation . We were gon na offer you a job . Ill take care of these bugs . Thanks , Essex . You watch yourself , Marine . Hoo - rah ! See ya ! You re next , ugly ! vega ! Hang on ! So you took the antidote when I was nt lookin ... eh ? I guess you think you re pretty clever , donttcha ... you stupid grunt ? ! How s that workin out for ya ... ? ! Adios ... Were not done . Youvve still got something I need . Try not to die before I get back . Intravenous use- Bye . Bye , Brea . OK . Everything gon na be all right ? Probably . Probably ? Yeah ... Probably . Just say yes . Yes . Yes . OK ... I know we 're gettin ' to be adults and we have to do what we have to do , and like ... act how we 're supposed to act and believe what we 're gon na believe , but ... but ... I want you in Heaven with me ... so bad , Brea . So bad . And I know you 're gettin ' away from all this ... but for me ...
L602	It must be inferred that the EU legislature did not regard those requirements as formalities connected with the crossing of frontiers . Go ahead . Prove Mel Gibson wrong , Kyle . " Supply of goods " shall mean the transfer of the right to dispose of tangible property as owner . However , upon mutual agreement of the Parties , such a dispute may be submitted to an international arbitral tribunal for binding arbitration in accordance with the applicable rules of international law . So much for pleasantries , huh ? What did you think ? We 'd go for tea ? The Eurostat data refers to EU27 and was cross - checked to other sources such as Chinese exports statistics , Article 14(6 ) database and cooperating importer / user data . Deliveries of DCD from Chinawere imported under two customs regimes . Under the normal regime both the normal customs tariff and the anti - dumping duty were payable . Under the inward processing regime none of these duties were payable because the material was used in the production of downstream products that were exported outside the Union . Table of equivalences Categories of model FL2 Corresponding categories AM A1 A1 A2 A A A2 - 79 ( ≤ 400 kg ) B1 B B BE BE C1 C1E C C CE CE D1 D1 D1E D1E D D DE DE F , G Model Liechtenstein 3 ( FL3 )
L603	Issued in Liechtenstein since April 2003 Description : credit card format , EU model . Just love to talk to my partners . You got it . Take your time . I 'll be over here . Oh , boy . Yeah . I did n't want to say anything , but I think he means Eli Manning and not Peyton Manning . You know ? Yeah . I think she has she has an amazing fucking body , but that accent puts her over the top . Agreed on both points . How about the deal ? Yeah . I mean , these guys make loads of money selling stuff , and he just called our shower buddy a home run . No . You take care of this . I take care . Hey ... hey ! You are the mistake ! Move . Move ! Go ! Move ! Hurry . Hurry . You hear it , too ? This is one of ours . Thank you so much for including me tonight . Care to sweep me off my feet ? Apparently , they met at some old person 's tango class or something . Yeah , well , good for Richard . Oh , he 's flaunting . You know , I figured it was just a pity date , but the way she looks at him ... This is the happiest day of my life . This would seem as good a time as any to do so .
L604	I will give the orders . " As a matter of fact , my allowance was always overdrawn , Come on , Frank . Hurry ! Come on ! Let go ! I intend to share with you my report on the need for a national policy , based on energy efficiency and clean renewable energy sources . Over there ! Take cover ! Cover me . All right . Where 's Hapsburg ? Where you hit ? It 's not that . Sorry . Instead , he thought of halcyon days on Ix , of the bucolic time he 'd spent with his parents and twin brother in the Grand Palais of Earl Vernius . Useless detritus of the mind . As Navigator , he made higher - order calculations and reveled in dimensional mathematics . He transported Heighliners filled with passengers and cargo across vast distances . . . . Yet suddenly he found himself blocked , distracted , unable to function . Why had his mind , the remnant of his lost self , insisted on recognizing that man ? An answer surfaced , like a creature emerging from the depths of a dark sea : Dominic Vernius represented an important part of D'murr Pilru 's past . And potato chips . And potato chips . Ellis ? Would you do something for me ? For you , anything . Are we back ? Rebecca 's not here . Where is she ? Went out why ? Potato chips .
L605	I think she needs special ones . do you really want to delete the tag ` % s ' ? % d image is assigned this tag ! Do you really want to delete the template " % s " ? Do you really want to delete this category ? Do you really want to delete this game ? Do you really want to delete this item ? Do you really want to delete this job ? Do you really want to delete this label set ? Do you really want to delete this list ? Do you really want to delete this message ? Do you really want to delete this node ? Do you really want to delete this OpenID ? The window was closed , and I was n't too sure ... This is all flesh . I do n't believe this . We can get somebody else to gather the particulates ... They might miss something . I can do this , Cam . Okay . A single gunshot wound to the temple . No other evidence of foul play on the remains . This sure looks to me like an admission of guilt . Excuse me , Officer , uh ... have you find a note yet ? Do you support the suggestions regarding Group Auditors ? Do you have any further ideas on the matter ? Oversight systems should be organised to avoid any conflict of interest with the audit profession .
L606	The supervision of audit firms in Europe must be performed on a more integrated basis , with closer cooperation between the national audit oversight systems . Yes , you do . Now I have to protect you from yourself . You know what 's right , but you 're letting these people pressure you because you 're so desperate for their acceptance . Let them love you for who you are , not who they think you should be . Why ? Because I 'm not reacting well to finding out that I 'm a plot device in a mark twain novel ? You know , you 're the one who started this . You could have left it alone , but , no , you had to go dragging mom and dad to that genetic counselor . Well , excuse me for being such a selfish person . I want to find out who I am and who my parents are . And do n't you think there 's a part of me that wishes that I did n't start any of this either . I was n't expecting the answer to be yes . Oh , are those for me ? No , they 're for Gabi , because you 're making me tell her about Josh tonight . You do n't have to tell her about Josh tonight . Oh , why , you ask ? Because today he told her he loves her . How is that great ?
L607	Some are inflicted with temporary paralysis . I refuse to do this . You have no choice . Mr. Fang ... you 're going to tell me where Cookie is , okay ? Mster Thang , yo gon gi a cu - ee . What the hell 's wrong with you ? Oh no ... Oh dear , oh dear ! Cu - ee o'er de . What ? - O'er de ! Wrong move , honey . You think you can mess with the great Fang ? Oh my ... is he dead ? ? People dying . Their screams . Corpses , shards of flesh and bone . A disembodied head ... " Look , now the light of heaven " falls everywhere What would become of all of you if everything came out ? I know . You need n't be afraid . But I 'm not afraid , Charlie . What would you tell ? Who 'd believe you ? A waltz runs through your head . You have it . I ? I gave it to you . So go away , I 'm warning you . Go away , or I 'll kill you myself . See ? That 's the way I feel about you . ' Look at this dent here , ' said Hopkinson . ' It 's quite ruined the crust ! ' ' But what was wrong with a simple cosh ? Who do you think you are ? Now get out !
L608	What 's that ? You better watch out ! You be careful too . You know , a bad doctor can kill you . Outside ! Never mind . Get something to carry them away on . Yasumoto , tend to them . Description Percentage Duration Type Name Browse ... Configure ... Browse ... Configure ... Use a screen capture profile to optimize performance when capturing screens . Profiles are issued by third - party providers . The information you provide when creating or editing a profile is exchanged over the Internet . Audio This is crazy . L_2007329EN.01001201.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 329/12 COMMISSION REGULATION ( EC ) No 1472/2007 of 13 December 2007 derogating , for the 2007/08 wine year , from Regulation ( EC ) No 1623/2000 laying down detailed rules for implementing Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1493/1999 on the common organisation of the market in wine with regard to market mechanisms THE COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES , Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , Having regard to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1493/1999 of 17 May 1999 on the common organisation of the market in wine ( 1 ) , and in particular Article 33 thereof , Whereas : Under Article 27(3 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1493/1999 any natural or legal person or group of persons having made wine is required to deliver for distillation all the by - products of that winemaking .
L609	In order that this exception may be applied to the entire wine year , this Regulation should apply from 1 August 2007 . Long ago it had been decided that , however inconsequential rudeness to robots might appear to be , it should be discouraged . Falcon was now in orbit , just as her flight - plan had promised , at a safe two thousand kilometres above Europa . The giant moon 's crescent dominated the sky ahead , and even the area not illuminated by Lucifer was so brilliantly lit by the much more distant Sun that every detail was clearly visible . Poole needed no optical aid to see his planned destination , on the still - icy shore of the Sea of Galilee , not far from the skeleton of the first spacecraft to land on this world . Though the Europans had long ago removed all its metal components , the ill - fated Chinese ship still served as a memorial to its crew ; and it was appropriate that the only ' town ' - even if an alien one - on this whole world should have been named ' Tsienville ' . Poole had decided to come down over the Sea , and then fly very slowly towards Tsienville - hoping that this approach would appear friendly , or at least non - aggressive . Though he admitted to himself that this was very naïve , he could think of no better alternative . Sure .
L610	We should go . It 's cold . Okay . Thanks . It 's warm . Go ahead . It looks good . Why do n't we go out ? Let 's not . He 's not doing well . Tim thought it would be a cool idea if we took the scenic route . So ... you 're pregnant ? Yeah ... first time . Well , second time , really , but the first time did n't take . Yeah , we 're out on Salt Valley Road . I do n't see Salt Valley ... Sorry ? She heard deep , slow breathing nearby . Your muscular gentleman over there is watching us like a ferret . He 's not making you do this ? " " No ! No , I want to . " " Were facing his back , " Dr. Warfield said . Well , good morning , Stan . Mom , can I have $ 8 to see a movie ? A movie ? A foreign film from Canada . But be back for supper . Thanks , Mom . He 'd wear a smile While he wore a thorny crown And a mind so open and pure Thank God we live In this quiet redneck mountain town Dude , wake up ! The Terrance and Phillip movie is out . Where do you think you 're going ? Get out of the car ! Hey , I quit ! Come on ! She 's perfect .
L611	You must be a happy man , Mr. Jackson . In a little over a year , you 've managed to realize your dream . I thought for a while that I had ... that I had really achieved what I 'd always wanted ... but I was never quite happy . I just knew , I just knew that something ... And just a few days ago , I realized what it was . Just a pretty confection , you know . A few Chinese Reds . I can see it . But right now , I just ca n't see a way forward . How do you get such people in here all at the same time ? No , no , no . How often do I have to tell you I can get around fine ? Where 's skaar ? Oh , I get it . The old trojan horse trick . Annihilus let us capture skaar , Knowing he 'd find some gamma tech That would open the doorway for good . Thanks to us , earth is finished . Stay here . Help yourself by staying here . You know what ? In particular , it is necessary that an obligation imposed on an undertaking to supply an item of information should not constitute a burden on that undertaking which is disproportionate to the requirements of the inquiry .
L612	As regards a decision adopted under Article 11(3 ) of Regulation No 139/2004 , by which the Commission requests the correction of information communicated by a notifying party which proves to be incorrect , since the period of the suspension of the time - limits set in Article 10 of Regulation No 139/2004 resulting from the adoption of such a decision depends on the date on which the necessary information is communicated , the Commission does not infringe the principle of proportionality by suspending the procedure until such information has been communicated to it . Furthermore there is no new information indicating any new risk associated with the use of colistin in calves and lambs in relation to lack of efficacy or emerging resistance relevant to public or animal health . Consequently the benefit - risk balance for colistin was considered positive for treatment of gastrointestinal infections caused non - invasive E. coli infections in calves and lambs with the recommended dose of 100 000 IUper kg body weight daily . With regard to the duration of treatment , considering the fact that treatment effect is easily monitored and thus treatment duration can be adjusted according to the course of the disease the Committee agreed to recommend a harmonised duration of treatment of 3 - 5 days for all products intended for calves and lambs .
L613	In addition it was noted that the recommended daily dose for calves , lambs and pigs should be divided into two if the product is to be administered directly into the mouth of the animal . By contrast , the CVMP considered that the absence of any data or argumentation from the Applicants / Marketing Authorisation Holders in support of a claim " ... for treatment of gastrointestinal infections caused by Salmonella spp ... " may constitute a risk to public and animal health as treatment might make the bacteria difficult to detect without completely eliminating the infection / colonisation . Consequently the benefit - risk balance for colistin was considered negative for treatment of gastrointestinal infections cased by Salmonella spp in calves , lambs , pigs and poultry . No residue data were available with regard to lambs and poultry species other than chickens . In view of the residue data submitted in support of the withdrawal periods in calves , pigs and chickens , and general knowledge that the substance is poorly absorbed from the gastro- intestinal tract , the Committee considered that the same withdrawal period of 1 day could be recommended for these animal species . You , my ugly face ! What does she do here ? You wanted to go for a fresh air ? We are going there . Please . We have to trust her . The Filip printshop was founded in 1990 as a small company providing graphic art services .
L614	In the first five years , the services were provided on an incompatible single colour printing press of the SRB3 format . The company could only offer individuals and companies simple services considering the significant limitations in the performance and printing quality . The orders from companies mainly consisted of label printing . Findings of the Court 196 By this plea the applicant essentially submits that the contested provisions are not sufficiently clear and precise in so far as they involve a significant financial burden for it , which makes it impossible for it to plan its economic decisions . 197 In so far as the applicant reiterates , in the second part of the plea , its arguments concerning the alleged infringement of the freedom of establishment , it follows from the findings in paragraphs 176 to 192 above that those arguments also can not be upheld in relation to the claim that there has been a sufficiently serious infringement of the principle of legal certainty . Therefore , the second part of this plea must be rejected as unfounded .
L615	198 As regards the first part of this plea , reference should first be made to the case - law according to which the principle of legal certainty requires , inter alia , that rules of law be clear , precise and predictable as regards their effects , in particular where they may have unfavourable consequences for individuals and undertakings ( see , to that effect , Case C - 17/03 VEMW and Others [ 2005 ] ECR I - 4983 , paragraph 80 and the case - law cited therein ) . 199 Next , it should be pointed out in that regard that the contested directive does not contain any provisions governing the extent of the financial consequences which may result from both a possible insufficiency of allowances allocated to an installation and the price of those allowances , since that price is determined exclusively by the market forces which came into being following the establishment of the allowance trading scheme , which , pursuant to Article 1 of the contested directive , seeks to ' promote reductions of greenhouse gas emissions in a cost - effective and economically efficient manner' . In the light of the findings in paragraphs 178 to 184 above , the Community legislature was not required to adopt specific provisions in that regard and thereby to restrict the scope of the Member States in relation to the transposition of the contested directive .
L616	69 It follows that a Member State does not have discretion allowing it to refuse a third - country national entry to its territory by applying a condition that is not laid down in the Schengen Borders Code . Costs 71 Since these proceedings are , for the parties to the main proceedings , a step in the action pending before the national court , the decision on costs is a matter for that court . Costs incurred in submitting observations to the Court , other than the costs of those parties , are not recoverable . The Commission may take any useful initiative to promote the coordination referred to in paragraph 1 . Article 211 ( ex Article 181 TEC ) Within their respective spheres of competence , the Union and the Member States shall cooperate with third countries and with the competent international organisations . ( n ) ' NGA - based wholesale layer' means a network layer at which access is granted to access seekers on an NGA - based network and where several ' wholesale inputs' can be provided . All kinds of snakes . They hung from branches and hid under fallen trees , waiting for him to pass so that they could strike at whatever part of his anatomy offered itself . He knew that they would if they got the chance . He was sure that he would die if they did . So he kept alert . At least he had a silenced weapon .
L617	CEN EN 30326 - 1:1994 Mechanical vibration - Laboratory method for evaluating vehicle seat vibration - Part 1 : Basic requirements ( ISO 10326 - 1:1992 ) Those tapes were in a locked box underneath a pile of old Ralph Lauren sheets underneath our bed . Then you know where I found them . Durrell , from now on when something is in a locked box underneath a pile of old sheets , that means it 's private . We 're gon na be really late again . Get dressed , you guys . Come on . Now . That went well . I was going to my parent 's , but thank God , my mom has a staph infection . Uh , hang on , I just have to finish this one thing . There . Yeah , a bunch of us are going to Doc 's after work . That 's just 'cause it 's the closest place , and they have pitchers . I did n't mean to ... Come on , Claire . You also work two blocks from the café ... you e - mailed his " Dead John " letter from . You were trylng to move the body before Peaches sold the house . But then he falls all In love wlth me and shlt . And today , we are once again under attack . ' He spoke of his love of country , and his love of family .
L618	The referendum to abolish the Monarchy still awaits his signature , and when he 's well , if it 's what your King desires and it 's what the people want , the referendum will be signed and placed before you . Our family remains unified and resolute , and we will navigate this together , with the support and comfort of our extended family . In the event that the limit is exceeded during the test , investigations shall be made to ensure that this is due to the ESA and not to background radiation including broadband radiation from the ESA . 4.4 . Readings The maximum of the readings relative to the limit ( horizontal / vertical polarisation ) in each of the 13 frequency bands shall be taken as the characteristic reading at the frequency at which the measurements were made . The Notified Body chosen by the contracting entity shall be responsible for compiling the technical file that has to accompany the EC declaration of verification .
L619	The technical file shall include at least the information indicated in Article 18(3 ) of the Directive and in particular as following : all necessary documents relating to the characteristics of the subsystem the list of interoperability constituents incorporated into the subsystem copies of the EC declarations of conformity and , where appropriate , of the EC declarations of suitability for use , with which the constituents shall be provided in accordance with Article 13 of the Directive , accompanied , where appropriate , by the corresponding documents ( certificates , quality management system approvals and surveillance documents ) issued by the notified bodies evidence of conformity with other regulations deriving from the treaty ( including certificates ) all elements relating to the maintenance , the conditions and limits for use of the subsystem all elements relating to the instructions concerning servicing , constant or routine monitoring , adjustment and maintenance certificate of conformity of the Notified Body as mentioned under point 9 , accompanied by corresponding verification and/or calculation notes and countersigned by itself , stating that the project complies with the Directive and the TSI , and mentioning , where appropriate , reservations recorded during performance of the activities and not withdrawn . When it 's right , it 's right . And it is right , right ? Right . Can I have dessert ? He was interrupted by the flash and report of a rifle . A second look told him that Chingachgook had disappeared in the confusion .
L620	It is only in exceptional cases and under very strict conditions that certain national legislation allows the possibility for third parties to have recourse to the shareholders ( 46 ) . In the hypothetical case of IFB 's bankruptcy , SNCB would therefore have lost its capital stock , but it would not have had to repay the other IFB creditors . Date of birth : Approximately 1968 . Look , whoever it was who did this , they 're not going anywhere . You still keep it in the bottom of tower three ? Yeah . Who else is n't sick ? We do n't ask Rick . He wants to stay here with Carl and Little Ass - Kicker . Do n't . Hell , yeah . Good . Just got to get my gear . But I was wondering ... No . The contribution of the Swiss Confederation to EUPOL ' Proxima' is without prejudice to the decision - making autonomy of the European Union . Article 2 Status of personnel 1 . Over there . Harvey , I wonder , could you get me the fish course ... I trust your family is in good health , Miss Elizabeth ? They are , thank you . Perhaps you saw her there . I have n't been fortunate enough ... Do you play the pianoforte , Miss Bennet ? A little , ma'am , and very poorly . No , not at all . Your sisters , do they draw ?
L621	I suppose you had no opportunity . Your mother should 've taken you to town for the benefit of the masters . No , Judi , I got to get off of this dating hamster wheel already . I think for the next six months , I 'm just gon na do no men , and no sex . Oh , Peter , what do you think is gon na happen ? You think magically you 're gon na feel whole , just because you 've got some guy on your arm ? Because if you do , that 's sad . Very , very sad . Well , this evening could n't be any more perfect . A beautiful woman , a fine paulliac , and I got a cat - sitter at short notice . Yeah , I have an old dog . A rescue . Peter did n't want her . So tell me , Harold , what do you do for fun ? What will you do ? You ca n't do anything ! My friends call me " Little Puppet . " I 'm the VP here . You 're in my house now , strong man . And the wrestling coach . See the Creeper over there ? He has played hooky from every wrestling practice this month . Out of 23 ! These are the worst students in my school . I 'm ashamed ... Good morning , kids . Mr. Murney , thanks for watching my chair .
L622	Then I just closed the door and left . End of . You cooking ? Yeah , are you cooking ? I 'm cooking with gas . What we having ? Food . That makes a change . Are you hungry ? Are n't you just . Thank you . How did it go today ? Good , they loved it . Were they ? Listen to me , You son of a bitch . With infinite complacency , men went to and fro about the globe . Confident of our empire over this world . Yet , across the gulf of space , intellects vast and cool and unsympathetic regarded our planet with envious eyes , and slowly and surely drew their plans against us . I need you back at 4 instead of 12 . Fedesco ca n't move 40 containers in one hour . The goddamn union regulates . You know what your problem is ? Web Publishing Wizard Please father ! My husband is dead . Raise him with Therin 's healing hand . Your ... husband ? Be that as it may , ... Death is a natural thing . We ca n't ressurect every man that falls . Therin 's blessing be upon you . Escort this lady to the infirmary . I ... eh ... Sorry , Bill . Alive ? Good ! It 's time . Keep that water handy . Ok . Hierophant ! We beg an audience . I just got your page .
L623	And trust that you can survive this together . Maybe you just need to hold on tight ... Oh , what did I do ? When my mother left my father , she did n't tell him she was leaving and taking me with her until we 'd landed on the other side of the country . In those days , it was called family troubles . Today it 'd be called kidnapping . I paged him two minutes ago . He 's a brain surgeon . Everyone looking for him thinks it 's really very important . I 'll let you know when he calls back . Sir , you know how I said I wanted to do a gunther today ? I sent you an e - mail with my new screening criteria for my clinical trial . Hey . So you two are talking to the membership director . Does that mean you 're ... ? Wow . He joined . I 'm just along for the ride . It 's a beautiful club , very relaxing . Yeah , it used to be more relaxing . Ah , there they are . We 're having lunch with the senator and his wife , so if you 'll excuse us . Um , it was nice of you to include me in the membership , but this is really not my scene . You want to get hired back at that design studio full time , do n't you ?
L624	Delete text to beginning of word Delete text to beginning of word Subject : Sergei Lavrov 's accusations against the Eastern Partnership Answer from the Council ( 14 March 2011 ) Hurry up ! They passed an old woman carrying two plastic grocery bags , walking along calmly through the barrage . As the convoy approached , she set both bags down gently , stuck fingers in her ears , and kept on walking . Minutes later , heading in the opposite direction , they saw the same woman . She had the bags again . She set them down , stuck fingers in her ears , and walked away as she had before . At every intersection now Somalis just lined up , on both sides of the street , and fired at every vehicle that came across . Sergeant Eversmann , who had found some better cover for himself in the back end of his Humvee , watched with amazement . He felt these people have no regard for even their own lives ! They just did not care ! No place was safe . The air was alive with hurtling chunks of hot metal . You want me to marry ... No . Oh , I 'm sorry , Ted . Mark Johnson , the quarterback from your high school football team , already asked me . But if you 're lucky , she may answer with the single greatest word in the English language . What are you doing ?
L625	Lily threw herself into her painting . Article 4 of Regulation ( EC ) Second part ' notes that ... a domestic basis' Third part ' further considers ... specific analysis.' Detained applicants shall immediately be informed in writing , in a language which they understand or are reasonably supposed to understand , of the reasons for detention and the procedures laid down in national law for challenging the detention order , as well as of the possibility to request free legal assistance and representation . Okay , I ca n't help you with that . She seems pretty slutty . Good for a romp in the sack . It should be noted that many ( 155 ) of the clorsulon , closantel , nitroxinil , rafoxanide or triclabendazole containing products are combination products containing other active substances . With regard to these combination products , in 35 of these products a MRL for milk has been established for the second active substance and for 120 no MRL for milk has been established for the second active substance . Although the conclusions shown in the above table are applicable to the flukicidal substance in the product they may not be appropriate for the second active substance . In order to establish the overall appropriateness of the product information with regard to the use in dairy animals the second active substance would need to be considered .
L626	What the ... ? ( Text with EEA relevance ) Eh , you 're getting a phone call . It 's so funny when people have kids , and they 're all ... " I used to be so focused on me , and now I 'm totally not . " it 's like , no . It 's still you . It 's half you . it 's a mini - you . I mean , you made it . I forgot to eat today . The only time you hear the phrase ... " I 'm not here to make friends " is on reality television . Oh ! Sorry . It 's okay . I 'm so sorry . No , I 'm trying to not drink right now . I 'm sorry . ( c ) placing under judicial supervision ; ( d ) judicial winding - up ; ( e ) temporary or permanent closure of establishments which have been used for committing the offence . Boil for five minutes , then cool . The current situation in Europe 3.1 Due to demographic trends , the labour force in the EU is shrinking : the older baby boom generation is leaving the labour market , to be replaced by younger people from a time with a lower birth rate . This poses major challenges for the labour market , as a large supply of skilled labour is key to Europe 's growth .
L627	3.2 According to the latest edition of the Quarterly employment and social situation review , published by the European Commission , recovery in the EU 's labour market is slow and patchy . You asked me to remind you about Adira 's suite . You can look at it whenever you like . All right , I 'll be right there . Hello ? Who is there ? I 'm disappointed in you , Mollari . I do n't know how you did it . Somehow you convinced your government to pull back their campaign ... ... against several other worldson the fringe of Centauri space . I may have said a word to someone here and there . Something about not weakening our defenses by fighting trivial border wars . Yes , we did . And what you do in your half is your business . And what I do in mine is mine . I always knew you had to be willing to die to even do this job . But I do n't want to push my chips forward ... ... and go out and meet somethingl do n't understand . Yessir , I just walked in the door . And a hose that run down his sleeve ... You got me . You'il look at it when you get in . Yessir , I got it under control . Howdy , what 's this about ? What is it ? I need you to step out of the car , sir .
L628	Right - click to change arrowheads . Drag onto the page . You can as well make a trip to Kopicův farmstead or visit the castle of Valdštejn . General At its Plenary on 15 January 2008 , the European Parliament ( EP ) adopted 45 amendments to the Commission proposal . However , a substantial number of amendments are not reflected in the Common Position , because the Council considered that either they were redundant , as they were already covered by other instruments adopted after the EP adopted its opinion ; or they were taken into account elsewhere in the text because the Commission 's initial proposal had been redrafted in the Common Position . The programme shall be consistent with any national cultural strategy or policy of the relevant Member State or , where applicable under a Member State 's institutional arrangements , any regional cultural strategies , on condition that any such strategy or policy does not aim to restrict the number of cities which may be considered for designation as Capitals of Culture under this Decision . The kerosene ran out , so I got up to fill the lamp . Has something happened ? What is it ? Something 's happened at your house again . Is that it ? But do n't you ... do n't you have a TV ? Yes , a small one . But ... it went dead about 11:00 , and did n't come on again . What ...
L629	What 's happened to your hands ? I fell off the bike . Yes , I did . I fell . Come . The Commission rejected the tender by decision of 18 November 2004 on the grounds that there was a discrepancy between the applicants financial offer and technical offer as to the number of man / days required . The Commission upheld its decision by letter of 30 November 2004 . The applicant further alleges that the Commission ought to have sought to clarify the alleged disrepancy and that in not having done so before rejecting the applicants tender the Commission has taken a disproportionate action and failed to exercise due diligence , whereby it infringed its duty of care . ( 1 ) OJ S 102 - 081573 . Just Like Mona The Lazarus Child The Air I Breathe Filmography During his last year in high school , however , he became seriously ill , which convinced him to pursue a career in acting . García went to Miami Beach Senior High School , where he played on the basketball team . Lily Anne Lonergan is super hot and super crazy . It 's like every guy 's dream combo . Zoe , I got a solution . We need to talk . In private . What am I looking at ? BlueBell town bylaws , clause 13C : the infectious disease ordinance . Meaning ? This is all because of your commercial . Well , sure it 's for the commercial .
L630	But it 's also for the health and welfare of BlueBell . It 's for you , for me , it 's for all of us . For 48 hours , no one goes out , no one comes in . Not even someone who might be out of town with their super - hot - but - kind- of - crazy ex - girlfriend ? Subject : Excretion standards for implementing the Nitrates Directive Answer from the Commission ( 10 April 2006 ) The requirements apply throughout the year . Frequencies : Minimum two daily return services Monday - Friday and minimum three return services Saturday - Sunday combined . Seating Capacity : In both directions at least 350 seats shall be offered Monday - Friday combined and at least 90 seats Saturday - Sunday combined . Timetables : Account shall be taken of the public demand for air travel . In addition , the following apply to the required flights on Monday - Friday ( local times ) : First arrival in Bodø shall be no later than 10.00 hrs and last departure from Bodø no earlier than 18.30 hrs . Okay , Paul , please . How far do you think it is ? And Kathy , what are you doing ? My mistake . Please , please ! I do n't have all night ! Six steps . Let 's take this a little more seriously . I must be mad to love Mariko , and Kiku . Fujiko was clean .
L631	Now I could teach her but would she wish to learn ? And how could we ever get clean and stay clean and live clean ? Home is filth piled on filth , but that 's where my wife is and where my children are and where I belong . " Real home is here - the other 's ten million times ten million sticks away . Here is reality . She had shown him how . " You think reality into the cup , you think the cha there - the warm , pale - green drink of the gods . Yeah . You should have more . What about you ? I can only afford one . Find another ambulance ! Do something ! Why ca n't you call another ambulance ? They just told me the ambulance is n't coming . Find me an ambulance ! He wants to know how he will get his wife out of here . Tell him they said his embassy will deal with it . What can my embassy do ? This is your fucked - up country ! ( 6 ) Denmark , Ireland and the United Kingdom negotiated special protocols to the Treaty of Amsterdam , allowing them an opt - out from the policies adopted under Title IV of the EC Treaty . ( cid:153 ) the Financial Identification form duly completed and certified by the Too quiet . Hey . Ca n't you see I 'm trying to watch me cartoons ?
L632	Hey , guess who 's pushin ' andy again . That frail that mangled us a couple of weeks ago at the marketplace . Soldier . You 're movin ' out . What do you mean , you do n't have it on you ? If you give me your name and address , I 'll pop it in the mail tomorrow . You wack punk . This is ridiculous . Hey , you . Finally . We ca n't let the public get wind of the idea that there are two of these nut jobs running around . Just catch one of these psychos . I do n't care which one . That is a direct order from your commanding officer . Fine . And you 're off this case , Sergeant , effective immediately . Do n't bother trying to trace this back to me . You 'll never make it through the encryption . There 's a heating vent on the corner of O'Neil and Adams . You 'll find what you 're after there . It 'd be a mistake to set a trap for me , Detective . I 'm trading away just about everything I believe in here 'cause it 's the only way I 've got to get this bastard . You got till Christmas . And then , copycat or not ... I 'm coming after you . So does being a Grimm . Okay .
L633	Are you serious ? Silence ! Order ! Charge ! Sir , it looks like the Japanese and Euro - American forces are planning a sneak attack on the northern front . Sir , the Germans are engaging ! Adios , Mexicans . Are you mad ? ! You'il kill all of our ground forces ! There are no ground forces left ! He 's right ! We have no choice ! Ball . Ball . Another ball . Ball ! Three balls now . Is Yoshida avoiding confrontation with So ? KANO 's supporters at Koshien are shouting home runs . Ball ! Yes ! Bases loaded now ! Go for it , Yoshida ! Here comes KANO 's opportunity . Yoshida seems to be affected by the threat from the heavy hitters . This guy 's a psychopath . Everything you want . Nancy Reagan turned out to be a sex addict named Howie Stein . Hi , Howie . Now , if 2 Live Crew has taught us anything , it 's that horniness in today 's society is out of control . And at one point within the next decade , mark my words , ladies and gentlemen , society will have reached something I call ... APATT ... He 's an entertainment lawyer , some shit firm . Love him . He 's so attractive . We must channel our horniness into extracurricular activities . Barbara Bush and Hillary Clinton were next .
L634	Facilitate free movement of qualified professionals inside the EU A key activity within this objective is the development of a proposal for the revision of the Professional Qualifications Directive with the aim of significant simplification and modernisation of the whole process , including the introduction and use of European Professional Cards . The overall objective of this measure is to increase the amount and accelerate decisions on the recognition of professional qualifications requests . Primary / Integrated Industry ( a ) Main activities : - Preparation of Log Balance - Sheet Report by the processing mill ; - Physical verification of logs by the district forestry official ; - Termination of the validity of Log Transport Document by an official ; - Preparation of Raw Material and Products Tally Sheet by the mill ; - Preparation of Processed Timber Balance - Sheet Report by the mill ; - The mill completes in the Timber Products Transport Document following the format provided by the Ministry of Forestry ; - Preparation of sales report of the mill . ( Applause ) As though that was n't enough , what I did immediately after and had them take every blood sample that they could to test for everything and to see where my levels were , so the doctors could use it , once again . I also did n't want anybody to question it . I had the world record and I wanted to make sure it was legitimate .
L635	( Laughter ) I should have made that clear when I asked you . Without prejudice to the exercise of its rights vis - à - vis third parties and with the exception of paragraph 3 , each Member State shall refrain , in the case provided for in paragraph 1 , from requesting reimbursement of damages it has sustained from another Member State . Article 12 Amendment Regulation ( EC ) No 2007/2004 is amended as follows : ( 1 ) In Article 2(1 ) , the following point ( g ) is added : Second plea in law , alleging that , by adopting the contested measure , the Commission breached Article 4(3)(1 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1049/2001 by concluding that the narrow and limited exception set out in that subparagraph justified its refusal to grant disclosure of any of the requested documents . I think I must go . André . To be a man of principle is one thing but a man does n't cut his throat on principle . That 's why we are here . Be reasonable , André . Let André tell us in his own way . Have any of you in your official work had any hint of a spy ring called Topaz ? I go . Sit down . I need you . I have nothing to do with spies . This is very dear . I did n't spend my entire life behind a desk , you know . Creepy stuff .
L636	Do you think shadid came this way ? I do . This does n't look like the Egypt stuff you find at the British museum , eh , guys ? This possibly could be a link to an older civilization . So ... How are you feeling , doc ? I want to get out of here . Yeah . Do you ... I mean , do you feel any sicker or ... You know what ? I really have n't had that much time to think about it . I wo n't get in your way , I promise , but I will stay . You have volunteers , do n't you ? Well , that 's what I am . A volunteer . All right . Everyone to their posts . You stand there . Yes , this gentleman 's second in . Number two , Nurse Crawley here . Yes , just here . Gently , gently , gently . Take him under his feet . Cousin Matthew ? Please ... Tell me where my little girl is . Help me . Help me . Nancy ! Let it go ! Let it go ! You untied him ? That was close . He will soon . No light gets in . And I rigged the water heater so it either comes out scalding or freezing . And , uh , you talk to him through this . It 's to remind us ... In case we start feeling sorry for him .
L637	We serve dinner at a certain time , so we can finish dinner at a certain time . So we can drop our rock manifesto on the world at a certain time . Okay , but those times have come and gone . Erlbacher , Agent ) ( 19 ) Natural England Formal advice : www.naturalengland.org.uk/ourwork/marine/mpa/ems/submitted . The Commission published in the Official Journal of the European Communities , during the period between 11 April 2001 and 18 June 2002 , a number of notices of open competitions to constitute reserves of Administrators in career bracket A7/A6 ( COM / A/6/01 , COM / A/9/01 , COM / A/10/01 , COM / A/1/02 , COM / A/3/02 and CC / A/12/02 ) , Assistant Administrators in career bracket A8 ( competition COM / A/2/02 ) and Administrative Assistants in career bracket B5/B4 ( competition COM B/1/02 ) . It is not difficult to reach an affirmative answer to this question . As has already been noted , unjust enrichment has always taken the form of an exception to the duty of the state to repay sums unduly paid , and the passing on of a tax has become , since 1980 , the most typical case of unjust enrichment . However , being an exception , it must be interpreted restrictively . Not a boy , no . Thank you for coming . I ... I thought it best that we spoke somewhere ... .. away from the store .
L638	I can not marry Katherine . I 've said it to myself 100 times . But when I saw your face today ... .. when I spoke , I ... You know why . You see it every time I look at you . Yes . Yes , it is . I 've tried to deny it , but I ... I just ca n't make myself stop . To hear you say those words , I can barely believe it . Land Mobile Service ; No 4055/86 of 22 December 1986 applying the principle of freedom to provide services to maritime transport between Member States and between Member States and third countries ( OJ L 378 , 31.12.1986 ) . ( 11 ) Information recorded by the Olbia Harbour Master Office . An invitation to tender for the refund for the export of common wheat to certain third countries was opened pursuant to Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 936/2006 ( 2 ) . Hey Light , let 's play a game . Light ? I never knew he went to those lengths ! Could he have something in his room he does n't want anyone to see ? If you keep in mind that he 's only seventeen , there 's nothing suspicious about his behavior . I also did that for no apparent reason . Have you ever talked to him about the investigation ? Of course not ! Light , where are you going ?
L639	Hey , Light , you 've been ignoring me ! Light ... Ryuk , there 's a possibility that there are wiretaps or surveillance cameras , no , likely both , placed within the house . Huh ? The European Medicines Agency has waived the obligation to submit the results of studies with imatinib in all subsets of the paediatric population in Philadelphia chromosome ( bcr - abl translocation)- positive chronic myeloid leukaemia ( see section 4.2 for information on paediatric use ) . The ENTSO for Electricity may elaborate network codes in the areas set out in paragraph 6 with a view to achieving the objectives set out in Article 4 where those network codes do not relate to areas covered by a request addressed to it by the Commission . Those network codes shall be submitted to the Agency for an opinion . That opinion shall be duly taken into account by the ENTSO for Electricity . The most common adverse reactions were diarrhoea , fatigue , alopecia , infection , hand foot skin reaction ( corresponds to palmar plantar erythrodysaesthesia syndrome in MedDRA ) and rash . Frequencies are defined as : very common ( ≥1/10 ) , common ( ≥1/100 to < 1/10 ) , uncommon ( ≥1/1,000 to < 1/100 ) , rare ( 1/10,000 to < 1/1,000 ) , not known ( can not be estimated from the available data ) . Defendant : Nemzeti Adó- és Vámhivatal Dél - dunántúli Regionális Adó Főigazgatósága ( NAV )
L640	Article 96 1 . In many cases , the ECOC has ushered in a new set of relationships between local municipalities and cultural operators , and pushed culture up the agenda of local political debate . Overall then , the ECOC have seen significant changes in the way cultural activities are brought about which have established new platforms for activity which are likely to be sustained into the future . At this stage , it is too early to evaluate the sustainability of economic and tourism impacts . Can I hock it ? Really ? It 's yours . Do what you like with it . Well , good - bye , Mrs. Pucci . Oh , come here , Mr. Winston . Yeah , all right then . I will keep these guys in line and send you your expense reports every week . I expect nothing less . Take care of yourself . You too . When Mr. Chance returns , do tell him-- well , give him my best . Yeah , I like to avoid the lines . Oh , Mr. Chase , the costof the operation will be $ 10,000 . This is Michael and Catherine 's living room . Oh , did they fight over that rug . Bet she won , huh ? Exactly . Brad and Jen 's master bath . Carrie , you have any pictures of Jen in the tub ? How 'bout I tell Brad Pitt that you said that , Turtle ?
L641	I feel like I have to prove something . I did n't have the guts to end it . That 's because you 're a decent man . I just do n't want to be thought of as " Crazy Nana . " No , Dede ! Oh . Or me . I told you it was about me ! No ! No ! Then Yedo . " At length Yabu had agreed and they had docked and Naga had met them . Do you answer it ? Cree who she is . He says things like , ' I pushed you ' . How can she ? I was not enough for her . I was always faithful . And what is worse ? With another man , or they are equal ? Dad , please . I only want the truth . Truth is ... Tom Mason is a ... pompous , semi - erudite history buff with delusions of grandeur . It 's gon na be me ... And not some two - bit tin - pot dictator of Charleston , S.C. Yes , sir . Hey . Here to see Maggie . What the hell are you doing ? Aliens are planning a new offensive . Rebel Skitters sent that de - harnessed kid to guide us to a meeting , but Manchester wo n't let us go . So I 'm going anyway , and I 'd like you to come with . You sure that 's a good idea ?
L642	That 's where you 're wrong . Prior surveillance measures shall have a limited period of validity . Unless otherwise provided , they shall cease to be valid at the end of the second 6-month period following the first 6 months after the measures were introduced . 3 With regard to the provisions of this Convention , the application of which comes under the jurisdiction of each constituent States or other similar territorial entities that are not obliged by the constitutional system of the federation to take legislative measures , the federal government shall inform the competent authorities of such States of the said provisions with its favourable opinion , encouraging them to take appropriate action to give them effect . Article 37 - Reservations 1 By a written notification addressed to the Secretary General of the Council of Europe , any State or the European Union may , at the time of signature or when depositing its instrument of ratification , acceptance or approval , declare that it avails itself of the reservations provided for in Article 19 , paragraph 2 and in Article 36 , paragraph 1 . 2 A Party that has made a reservation in accordance with paragraph 1 may wholly or partially withdraw it by means of a notification addressed to the Secretary General of the Council of Europe . Such withdrawal shall take effect on the date of receipt of such notification by the Secretary General .
L643	2 Any proposal for an amendment shall be communicated to the Secretary General of the Council of Europe and forwarded by him or her to the Parties , the member States of the Council of Europe , non - member States having participated in the elaboration of this Convention or enjoying observer status with the Council of Europe , the European Union , any State having been invited to sign this Convention and the Convention Follow - up Committee at least two months before the meeting at which it is to be considered . The Convention Follow - up Committee shall submit to the Committee of Ministers its opinion on the proposed amendment . No , sweetie . Need any help , ma'am ? Fuck . I 'm sure she 's at the school , we just need to turn around ... Why do you have to do that ? What ? They are gluten - free . He talks about you all the time . They 've had their sandwiches . Thank you so much for coming . No , really , it 's just ... Never felt at home here . But Linda always liked it . We bought it for herbecause she wanted to be independent . Especially after Vivienne was born . My punk thing has gone beyond that . I 'm the queerest person here . I 'm the weirdest person here .
L644	Oh , my God . This is right below where I was working . Are you all right ? More slack ! Come on , guys . Are you Deep Throat Two ? I 'm not in that movie . Daddy , Daddy , Daddy , we have to give her whatever she wants to get that DVD back . It ... it 's just , case closed . A million dollars is a lot of money , and we do n't negotiate with terrorists . Cock Chugging Two ! Everyone pays . Deep Throat Two can be silenced . You just take it out of his bank account . Thank God I did n't sign a prenup . And you know what ? It 's a fire escape . The ladder leads up to the apartment building behind us . There 's a building behind us ? You 're coming with me . James , I have to go . I do n't want to leave you , but We should 've waited . They 'll take good care of you . I know they will . Go on . We did it . Gaeul ! Gaeul . Honey , I do n't know . I 'll take care of it . So do n't say anything , okay ? Neither you or I are important . Are you going to throw Shinhwa away ? Honey , honey ? Ma'am . The situation is serious . Find Junpyo first .
L645	He has to leave the country with me right now . Undertakings requesting a certificate shall provide the issuing authority with evidence or an assurance that the conditions laid down in Article 2(5 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1073/2009 have been met . You know , you can get different - colored head straps . And the seat goes down for my lady . No more splash landings . I guess it would be-- it was my mom and dad 's old bed . Well , it 's fine with me , but I heard my lady mention the words " small " and " lumpy . " huh . Well , I 'm looking for something that can accommodate two , let 's say , larger people , comfortably . Well , if you buy this mattress , I think both you girls are gon na be happy . What do you got in your bag , golf clubs or an extra pair of underwear ? Hey , when I go to bed , I 'll put my headphones on So you can get as nasty as you want . Okay , well , uh , do n't worry . Tomorrow , I will be wearing pants at breakfast . I thought you 'd be starving to death after winning the big game . Whatever it is , I approve .
L646	The Proposal does not indicate the circumstances in which and the conditions under which access can be required Article 61(2)(d ) does not indicate the circumstances in which and the conditions under which access can be required . Neither does it provide for important procedural guarantees or safeguards against the risk of abuses . In the following paragraphs , the EDPS will make some concrete suggestions in this direction . ( a ) According to Article 61(2 ) ESMA may require access to records of telephone and data traffic ' in order to carry out the duties set out in Articles 51 to 60 , 62 and 63' . These Articles cover the whole Title of the proposed regulation on registration and surveillance of trade repositories . According to the EDPS , the circumstances and the conditions for using such power should be more clearly defined . The EDPS recommends limiting access to records of telephone and data traffic to specifically identified and serious violations of the proposed regulation and in cases where a reasonable suspicion ( which should be supported by concrete initial evidence ) exists that a breach has been committed . ( b ) The Proposal does not require prior judicial authorisation in order for ESMA to require access to records of telephone and data traffic . The EDPS considers that this general requirement would be justified in view of the potential intrusiveness of the power at stake .
L647	It should also be considered that the laws of some Member States impose prior judicial authorisation for any kind of interference with the secrecy of correspondence and therefore preclude other law enforcement bodies ( i.e. police forces ) and institutions of an administrative nature from such interference without this strict supervision ( 18 ) . At the very least , the EDPS considers unavoidable making a judicial authorisation obligatory whenever such authorisation is required by national law ( 19 ) . ( c ) Follow me . I do n't need you to get the nerve agent out . I need you to get your team in . My team ? Give me a break . Welcome to the Suicide Squad . Oh , please stop giving him books . So this is your unit , huh , Waller ? What , O.J. and Charles Manson were n't available ? This is a dangerous operation . And these men have useful skills . Should the mission be compromised ... You 'll just write them off . The Suicide Squad . Yeah , like he would ever make the sacrifice . If we need your permission , send word to the magician Pug that old friends come to call . " The young magician raised an eyebrow . A small group waited to welcome the company as the ferry came to rest against the shore with a bump .
L648	I 'm not sure how I feel about Serena . I just want a clear shot at finding out . Overnight , our brooding billionaire 's become a generous gentlemen . But what 's responsible for this metamorphosis ? Or should I say who ? Sorry , miss Blair . Bad news ? Can we go somewhere and be ... alone ? I did n't know you were so strong . What 's happening ? I wanted to tell you , but I just did n't know how . Take off your clothes . Hey ! Whoa ! Okay . Slow down . My name is Jimmy Tong . As attendings , you are expected to turn in your paperwork and your required urine sample by tomorrow . I 'm not planning on doing any paperwork . I did go ahead and leave my urine sample on your driver's - side car door . Your lips , my ass , they should meet . Dorian , after four years , I hope you are no longer following in his footsteps . I turned in my paperwork already , but I 'm gon na wait till tomorrow to turn in my urine sample out of respect to the fellas in the lab ... Now there 's an answer that warrants a half - sincere pat on the shoulder . Feel my shoulder , it 's warm . Obviously there was no vote .
L649	Outlook can delete no more than 4,000 messages when it is working with a server message store . To avoid this error , delete fewer than 4,000 messages in a single operation . It is also possible you do not have the appropriate permissions to delete messages . If you need to delete content from a folder owned by someone else , contact the owner of the folder to obtain the necessary permissions , or have the owner delete the content for you . This error can appear if you have not designated a default printer or the application is unable to locate an existing default printer to use . You might be able to correct this problem using one of the following suggestions : For help restoring missing references , see the Microsoft Knowledge Base article 283806 . A user - defined function is declared as a sub or as a private function in a module . A public function in a module A public or private function in a code module of the current form or report In any case , it is planned to include in the ' Infrastructure register' information on ' flange or rail lubrication' , and the ' European register of authorised types of vehicles' will mention if the rolling stock is fitted with on - board flange lubrication .
L650	Those rules shall be made available either through notification to the Commission in accordance with article 17 of Directive 2008/57/EC or through the Infrastructure Register referred to in article 35 of the same Directive . He 's always been bad electronically . Shoot ! You need proof . You need some sort of evidence that this is real , that he actually exists , do n't you ? I , uh- I have a prescription for that , so ... That kind ofsays it all , does n't it ? Please hand that to me . I 'll be right back , Mr. Holloway . May I have my medication back , please ? Detective Franklin , we have people here she can talk to . I 'm sure Miss Markham could arrange something . All right , I 'll run the Social . You got it . You know how many there are ? It 's common ? Very . Most every houseowner has one of those house gnomes in the garage . This one too . I checked your second hand value , on the internet , if you 're interested . Not too bad . I only want what 's best for you . Then I want it to be more like I would like to have it . And a little less like you want it . I can do it myself . Sleep well . SLEEPING PILLS Sleep well , Lennart .
L651	It is based on information provided by a Study ( PDF file 2 MB ) , and by Member States and other interested parties on different occasions , in particular at a meeting of the European Judicial Network in Civil Matters in December 2002 , at a public hearing in July 2003 and at a meeting of the Advisory Committee on the Service of Documents in April 2004 . The Report concludes that since its entry into force in 2001 , the application of the Regulation has generally improved and expedited the transmission and the service of documents between Member States . Nevertheless , in the period of adaptation which is still ongoing , many persons involved in the application of the Regulation , in particular local bodies , still do not have sufficient knowledge about the Regulation . Furthermore , the application of certain provisions of the Regulation is not fully satisfactory . Adaptations of these provisions should be considered in order to further improve and facilitate the application of the Regulation . See as well Commission Staff Working document ( PDF file 135 KB ) 1348/2000 on the service in the Member States of Judicial and Extrajudicial documents in civil or commercial matters ( COM/2004/0603 final )
L652	I heard you ! You were scared , and you landed wrong , and your anKles broKe ! I got hit because of that ! I lay there in the mud bleeding ... and I heard you ! " Do n't go bacK ! JacKnife 's dead ! Do n't go bacK ! He 's dead ! He 's dead , Bobby , JacKnife 's dead ! " The Republic of Austria has not applied for the Commission to be ordered to pay the costs . However , under the first subparagraph of Article 69(3 ) of those Rules , the Court may order that the costs be shared or that the parties bear their own costs where each party succeeds on some and fails on other heads . On those grounds , the Court ( First Chamber ) hereby : Do not use in case of diarrhoea established for more than 24 hours and in weak animals . For treatment of anorexic calves , the product should be administered in half of a litre of an electrolyte solution . Overdose : As symptoms of toxicity may occur at twice the therapeutic dose , it is necessary to apply the recommended dosage strictly . Symptoms of toxicity include diarrhoea , visible blood in faeces , decline in milk consumption , dehydration , apathy and prostration . Should clinical signs of overdosing occur the treatment must be stopped immediately and the animal fed unmedicated milk or milk replacer . Rehydration may be necessary .
L653	Avoid skin and eye contact with the product . In case of skin and eye contact wash the exposed area thoroughly with clean water . If an eye irritation persists , seek medical advice . Wear protective gloves while handling the product . Wash hands after use . Where are my witnesses ? Where are Mike and Karen ? Where are my witnesses , damn it ? ! Call in air support , SWAT , every unit that we can get here . Hello , Gordon . You think this is funny ? A government witness ... your witness ... is missing . Take it down a notch . Wait a second . I know you . ‧cross - sectoral operations‧ means initiatives that mutually benefit different sectors and/or sectoral policies , as referred to in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , and that can not be accomplished entirely through measures encompassed within respective policy areas ; ‧cross - sectoral operations‧ means initiatives that mutually benefit different sectors and/or sectoral policies , as referred to in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , and that can not be accomplished entirely through measures encompassed within respective policy areas ; What do you wanna say ? I had a good day . He 's out of town . And it 's already a good day . Beth . Well , then stop . She 's shy . Well , fine , cover up . I 'm interested in other things .
L654	That was close . It 's only 30 minutes out . I 've never been . As you know , the winner of Hell 's Kitchen this year will become the head chef at Gordon Ramsay 's Steak in Vegas . And let 's be honest , it 's a city where luck on your side can be valuable . Holy ! Slots ! Whoo ! Yeah . And we 're gon na let the slot machine determine what you 're gon na be making . Two at a time , one member from each team will come up . One cut of steak , and four complementary ingredients . And then , you both will create that dish . Where 's the beef ? Red team , there 's six members in the team . And I 'll only taste five dishes . So it 's up to you now , very quickly , to decide who will not be getting a turn at the slots . you have ever had involuntary muscle spasms ( tardive dyskinesia ) , when you have been treated with a medicine . you have epilepsy you have Parkinson 's disease The present decision constitutes a financing decision for the expenditure provided in the co - financing requests presented by Member States . The measures provided in this Decision are in accordance with the opinion of the Standing Committee on Plant Health , HAS ADOPTED THIS DECISION :
L655	Article 2 The total amount of the Union financial contribution referred to in Article 1 is EUR 15 006 869,89 . In the case where there are different thresholds applied within the same regulatory business line , then the highest applicable threshold ( column 100 ) shall be filled in as well . Rows BUSINESS LINES : CORPORATE FINANCE , TRADING AND SALES , RETAIL BROKERAGE , COMMERCIAL BANKING , RETAIL BANKING , PAYMENT AND SETTLEMENT , AGENCY SERVICES , ASSET MANAGEMENT , CORPORATE ITEMS For each business line as defined in Article 317 ( 4 ) table 2 of CRR , including the additional business line ' Corporate items' as referred to in Article 322 ( 3 ) point b ) of CRR , and for each event type , the institution shall report , according to the thresholds the following information : number of events , total loss amount , maximum single loss and sum of the five largest losses . The third option comprises measures requiring the intervention of the Community legislator accompanied by the reinforcement of non regulated instruments . The Commission carried out an impact assessment listed in the Work Programme , whose report is accessible on http://ec.europa.eu/enterprise/newapproach/review_en.htm .
L656	LEGAL ELEMENTS OF THE PROPOSAL - Summary of the proposed action The proposals complete the different existing legislative tools by putting forward reinforced Community policies on market surveillance and accreditation ; to bring coherence to existing sectoral instruments and to examine how these horizontal instruments can be applied to all sectors regardless of whether they are " old " or " new " approach . The regulation should : - organise accreditation at the national and European levels ; irrespective of the different sectors of activity in which accreditation is used . The proposal insists on the public authority nature of accreditation in order for it to be the last level of public authority control , and sets the framework for the recognition of the existing organisation European co - operation for Accreditation ( EA ) so as to ensure the proper functioning of a rigorous peer evaluation . 122 - Paragraph 283 of the judgment under appeal . 123 - Paragraph 285 of the judgment under appeal . 124 - In the history of European merger control there are numerous examples of clearance decisions which were preceded by a statement of objections . W - reference point , 50 mm vertically below and 50 mm horizontally back from ' R' point Figure 9 ISOFIX Top tether anchorage location , ISOFIX zone - Front view Key : I have already stated that the provision sets out the duty incumbent on the employer to guarantee the safety and health of workers .
L657	I caught the smell of something smaller , bland next to the aroma of my prey , cowering in brush below the tree . The lion 's tail twitched spasmodically as he prepared to spring . He felt the shiver of the wood and whirled , shrieking surprise and defiance . Half - crazed with thirst , I ignored the exposed fangs and the hooked claws and launched myself at him , knocking us both to the forest floor . It was n't much of a fight . His raking claws could have been caressing fingers for all the impact they had on my skin . His weight was nothing . My teeth unerringly sought his throat , and his instinctive resistance was pitifully feeble against my strength . My jaws locked easily over the precise point where the heat flow concentrated . It was effortless as biting into butter . The flavor was wrong , but the blood was hot and wet and it soothed the ragged , itching thirst as I drank in an eager rush . The mandate of the EUSR may be terminated earlier , if the Council so decides , on a proposal of the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy ( HR ) .
L658	( b ) contributing to the response of the Union to the developments of Southern Mediterranean countries , in particular those undergoing political reform and a transition to democracy , notably by strengthening democracy and institution building , the rule of law , good governance , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , peace and regional cooperation , including through the European Neighbourhood Policy and the Union for the Mediterranean ; ( c ) enhancing the Union 's effectiveness , presence and visibility in the region and in relevant international forums ; ( d ) establishing close coordination with relevant local partners and international and regional organisations such as the African Union , the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf , the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation , the League of Arab States , the Arab Maghreb Union , relevant international financial institutions , the United Nations and the private sector . ( e ) contribute to the implementation of the Union 's human rights policy in the region , including the EU Guidelines on human rights , in particular the EU Guidelines on Children and Armed Conflict , as well as on violence against women and girls and combating all forms of discrimination against them , and the Union 's policy on Women , Peace and Security , including by monitoring and reporting on developments , as well as formulating recommendations in this regard . Article 4 Implementation of the mandate 1 .
L659	Efficient alternatives to phosphates - based household laundry detergents require small amounts of other phosphorous compounds , namely phosphonates which if used in increasing quantities might be of concern for the environment . We came here to cover a war . If we do n't get a story , this will all unfold unseen . Yeah ? You really think this is gon na work ? I 've seen her work bigger miracles . Thank you . You know what ? Thank you . See you guys . They 're headed this way . The main roads are still shut down . Checkpoints every single mile or so . You 're amazing ! You know what they say . Jobs like this . It 's degrading . No . And it 's not efficient . You 're an impatient generation . Were n't you ? Yes , we were . Very . Yeah , yeah , yeah . Okay . Okay . My meeting 's been pushed up . Hey , hey , hey , hey , hey , hey ! Just let it go . I know you think you discovered the new you , But you are controlling Even when you 're trying to not be controlling . So j ... give me your skates . Why ? Take 'em off ! He just was n't ready . Hey , Phil . You just described your mother . Those things . They broke up . Maggie 's single ?
L660	Wait , half as cool as ... how uncool Crane was . You know what I mean ? All this training'smaking me hungry . Let 's break for lunch . But you haven'tfinished telling us all the secrets . Have n't I ? I think you'il findthat I have . You have n't . I have n't ? One , two , three ... Next lesson . It all started years ago at the Bau Gu orphanage . It was a happy place . Double room ( Park view ) Double room ( Northern wing ) " Zoot suit . " Zulu . " And that 's that . I 'm finally finished . When was that ? We just got to Stepford . Hey , are you that unhappy ? Is it everything you expected ? Well ... No . No , it 's not , but ... ... I just did n't want to be the first one to admit it . You think the men are dull . Well , I think the women are too . If you see him again , what will you say ? I 'll yell at him . He 's behind you . That 's enough . Stop it ! He 's really behind you . Hi ! What a coincidence . Sure is . Hi ! Long time no see . You 're here for business or pleasure ? We closed all our shops in Hong Kong . Isabel and I were transferred to Beijing .
L661	The noodles are ready . Let me introduce you , You - you I prefer it open . Oh , I see , this is ... This zipper actually works . Oh , yeah , that 's ... What happens ... What 's down here ? All right . Yup . Hold on . I 'll see you at work . Okay , see ya . Bye . Because I am a police officer who protects the citizens . I will not forgive your evil deed ! Here I come ! I wonder which one of us is a devil . I am the one who 's going to change Japan ! Here I go ! Ruka , we 're not done yet ! Should exposure to AIIRAs have occurred from the second trimester of pregnancy , ultrasound check of renal function and skull is recommended . Breast - feeding : Because no information is available regarding the use of Sabervel during breast - feeding , Sabervel is not recommended and alternative treatments with better established safety profiles during breast- feeding are preferable , especially while nursing a newborn or preterm infant . If it 's that urgent you should go to the police DOOK ! I want to report someone stalking me and my child Can you tell us what happened ? Somebody sent me A children 's book And ? And it contained violent and graphic images of my child and me being murdered Yes
L662	The appeal may be submitted within two weeks from the day of the creditors' meeting , but if the creditor has not participated in the meeting , from the day when the creditor is notified of the decision of the creditors meeting . A creditor or a group of creditors may request a court to revoke the decision of a creditors meeting on restoration if such decision has been achieved by fraud or duress , or as a result of a mistake . Upon commencement of the insolvency proceedings , a creditor is prohibited from performing individual actions by which damages can be inflicted upon the interests of the creditors as a whole . Property rights acquired by the creditors or third persons as a result of the actions of creditors shall be declared as null and void by a court on the basis of a claim by the administrator , debtor , another creditor or a group of creditors . I 'm not ... She dragged herself up with the help of the sycamore trunk and peered about her . Something moved at the edge of her vision , something big and ghostly pale , and as she stared at it she could smell the acrid ammoniaical whiff of cat . I am-- But I do n't want that to be a simple statement . It should not have happened . It should not have happened .
L663	If I could invite these people to come and meet with me one - on - one and give them the opportunity to , again , talk to me , tell me what I did to them . Oh , I 'm getting a little bit uncomfortable here . Adam : 10 miles later , we hit the majestic Oregon coast . Seeing the vast expanse of the mighty Pacific ocean had a real effect on me and my bladder . My only hope to win this challenge was to get Rut to pee first . Did you see the movie " A river runs through it " ? How about Kevin Costner in " Waterworld " ? Rut , have you ever been to niagara falls ? You know where the water is just , like , dumping and pouring in there , and the steam comes up ? If you could imagine you 're dancing on the edge there , let 's say , like , basically naked , maybe just in your briefs . He 's creepy . He 's really creepy . You got goose bumps , there 's bits of dew on every little hair follicle . All right , this is all in Arabic , which I ca n't read . I could . Really ? You could what ? Not a problem . You were talking to your wife , were n't you ? Bingo . Sam , bring him in .
L664	I see . This is cos I 've organised it , right ? We 're not just raising money for a relatives ' room any more . Red light 's on , Chris ! You can not stand that I 've made this calendar a success . No , see , Chris , what 's happened is this calendar 's made you a success . What 's that supposed to mean ? Where are we ? When you 're standing in a cardboard street talking about meeting George Clooney . What 's with all these letters ? Concentrated solution of tryptophan ( 3.2 ) , c = 2,50 μmol / ml : In a 500 ml volumetric flask dissolve 0,2553 g tryptophan ( 3.2 ) in hydrochloric acid ( 3.13 ) and make up to the mark with hydrochloric acid ( 3.13 ) . Store at - 18 o C for a maximum of 4 weeks . ( b ) where the undertaking concerned is of negligible interest only with respect to the objectives of monitoring credit institutions ; Let go , you lousy , lying , unfaithful creep ! How could I betray the perfect woman ? Oh , you 're referring to me now ? Where are the kids ? What ? - Security 's in the jungle . They stowed away . You 're not striking the proper tone . Think they 're supers ? Dash , remember what Mom said . What ? Stop talking ! Hold it ! Freeze !
L665	People read Dostoyevsky in the can . But they ca n't finish it . This certainly is a familiar scene . I 'm happy to be here , but I 'm sick about the reason . I 'm going to bed . PAMIDRONATE DISODIUM / HOSPIRA 6MG/1ML CONCENTRATE FOR SOLUTION FOR INFUSION Intravenous PAMIDRONATE DISODIUM / HOSPIRA 9MG/1ML CONCENTRATE FOR SOLUTION FOR INFUSION Intravenous PAMERIT 15MG/1ML There is no document Petacchi dowsed the collision lights on his wingtips and fuselage . Me and Terry'il be back together on the other side ... so why wait any longer ? Slow down , Carter ! Fuck you ! Knock it off ! May as well go out on my own free will ! Not with us in the fucking car ! Jesus , Carter ! Carter , stop the car ! What 's the fucking worry if it ai n't your time ? I can get nailed running this next red light . It does n't work that way ! I fucking hated French class ! Get control of yourself . I 'll be the matchmaker . Great . Serafina , come . We have a renowned man in our company . You will attend to me all day long ? Yes . lam here for whatever you may need . Warnings and precautions Talk to your doctor before taking Pradaxa . You may also need to talk to your doctor during treatment with Pradaxa if you experience symptoms or if you have to undergo surgery .
L666	Michael nodded . " I did . He saved my life on that grim world . " Ramil took a goodly swallow from his tumbler . " Well , " he said , " this has wandered from the subject . " " Do you mean we had one ? " " I 'm sorry your visit has disappointed you . " Michael 's humor faded . " You did not tell me the Ireland I knew is gone . " Ramil protested . The Committee of the Regions ' recommendations THE COMMITTEE OF THE REGIONS a ) believes it is important to identify new instruments to simplify the programme and make it more flexible , make procedures transparent and ensure that programme users have easy access to information , for example by exploring possibilities for greater decentralisation of structures ; b ) believes that for the programme to be successful , the role of local and regional authorities should be more fully exploited , enabling young people to become fully involved in active citizenship , in the political and day - to - day life of their community , in voluntary work and in building a sense of solidarity ; c ) emphasises that information on the programme can be most effectively guaranteed at regional and local level , not least for disadvantaged young people .
L667	No recourse to external expertise has been necessary . Furthermore , it has not been necessary to conduct an impact assessment , since the proposed amendments are technical in nature and do not affect the substance of the protocol on rules of origin currently in effect . Dr Maia , would you please to pull up the anchor ? I will start the engine . Look out ! Look out ! So tell me , do you like Ron ? They 're giving out the awards . Our winners are ... 45 , JUNG , Hyun - sooand JANG , Chae - min ! Hurry it up . Did you come early ? Chae - ryn ... This should keep them from being suspicious . Hello . Hello . Shall we begin ? Yes . NA , Young - sae . Come on . It takes decades to eat your way into a heart attack . Does n't take decades to kill yourself . If I was that fat , I 'd be pretty tempted to knock back a bottle of pills . It 's not a drug overdose . The fatigue , muscle pain and difficulty concentrating have been bothering her for over a year . Syndrome " X " could cause a stroke . Okay . Carry on . It 's not House . It 's Vogler . We 've got ta stick together . Why ? Come on . And we 've done everything they 've recommended . I understand , but--
L668	MAYOR : The 200th anniversary birthday gala ... ... has been indefinitely postponed . JOKER : Joker here . Now you fellows have said some pretty mean things . Some of which were true under that fiend ... ... Boss Grissom . He was a thief ... and a terrorist . i can be theatrical ... ... and maybe even a little rough . JOKER : And I 've got a surprise for Gotham City . At midnight , I will dump 20 million in cash ... ... on the crowd . And if we have , so the only thing we 're assuming the only thing we 're assuming is that this is the same length as this and that this angle has the same measure as that angle and that this measure is the same measure as that angle . And this magenta line can be of any length and this green line can be of any length , we in no way have constrained that . But how - can we form any triangle that is not congruent to this ? 92.521 Museum activities 92.522 Preservation of historical sites and buildings n.a . They merged and pulsed as one for a dozen beats , then separated . " What does that mean ? " Waela asked . " It 's called synchronous biology and we do n't know exactly what it means . Ship 's records associate it with certain psychic phenomena -- faith healing , for example . "
L669	" I do n't see how that . . . " When it ends , the patient is healed . " " I do n't believe it . " 3.4 . The International dimension An innovative industry is also an opportunity for the associated sectors ( e.g. equipment , fish feed , animal health industries ) to expand and export their know - how to other parts of the world . Wait . Ugh ! The file 's triple - encrypted . Do n't move ! Wait . At least he got your name right . I know you . Guardian , a hero . Weapons ? Old man , I swear . The dwarf and the kender proved to be excellent character studies . The first thing Raistlin learned was that a kender 's fingers are into everything , and a kender 's hands will carry it off . He had been enraged the first time Tasslehoff appropriated the small bag in which the young mage proudly kept his one and only spell component . " Look what I found ! " Tasslehoff annou nced . Each film - coated tablet contains 20 mg memantine hydrochloride equivalent to 16.62 mg memantine . What on earth 's the matter ? Poor Shane . Killed in action . I did love him , you know . What is it they say ? Esmond is on his way over . That did n't take him long . No , I wanted ...
L670	Included in this definition are pyrotechnics , which for the purposes of this Directive are defined as substances ( or mixtures of substances ) designated to produce heat , light , sound , gas or smoke or a combination of such effects through self - sustained exothermic chemical reactions . Substances and articles of Class 1 are classified in any of the divisions 1.1 to 1.6 in accordance with the UN / ADR classification scheme . The divisions concerned are : In reply to a separate request by Uniplex of 23 November 2007 , NHS Business Services on 13 December 2007 gave details of its method of evaluation with reference to its award criteria , and also of the characteristics and relative advantages of the bids of the successful tenderers compared with the Uniplex tender . He got tired and went to sleep in the home , he had just robbed ? You know , I did n't like you at first . I can imagine ! THE IRONY OF FATE , OR SAUNA BLUES Part Two Imagine me waking up at home in my own bed , and seeing some strange woman pouring water over me . I shout at her : And I say : I was so indignant , I did n't know what to do . Who are you ? You know , Nadya , I did n't like you at first . I really hated you ! Utterly disgusting ! BLACK WIDOW : Owes you for what ?
L671	The more remote the soldier from carnage , the more difficult . It was one reason Teg always tried to move to the battle scene and examine it personally . If you did not see the pain , you could easily cause greater pain without second thoughts . That was the Honored Matre pattern . What would they make of this ? " Here is our commander , the Bashar Miles Teg , " Odrade said , gesturing . Honored Matres stared at Teg . ( ' Holcim' , Switzerland ) acquires within the meaning of Article 3(1)(b ) of the Council Regulation control of the whole of the undertaking Aggregate Industries plc ( ' AI' , UK ) by way of public bid announced on 20 January 2005 . The business activities of the undertakings concerned are : for undertaking Holcim : provider of cement , aggregates , ready - mixed concrete and concrete products world - wide , for undertaking AI : provider of cement , aggregates , ready - mixed concrete and other building materials mainly in the UK and the USA . On preliminary examination , the Commission finds that the notified transaction could fall within the scope of Regulation ( EC ) No 139/2004 . The Commission invites interested third parties to submit their possible observations on the proposed operation to the Commission . Observations must reach the Commission not later than 10 days following the date of this publication .
L672	Serious infections , sepsis , tuberculosis , and opportunistic infections , including invasive fungal infections , listeriosis and legionellosis , have been reported with the use of Enbrel ( see section 4.8 ) . These infections were due to bacteria , mycobacteria , fungi , viruses and parasites ( including protozoa ) . In some cases , particular fungal and other opportunistic infections have not been recognised , resulting in delay of appropriate treatment and sometimes death . In evaluating patients for infections , the patient 's risk for relevant opportunistic infections ( e.g. , exposure to endemic mycoses ) should be considered . Patients who develop a new infection while undergoing treatment with Enbrel should be monitored closely . Administration of Enbrel should be discontinued if a patient develops a serious infection . Physicians should exercise caution when considering the use of Enbrel in patients with a history of recurring or chronic infections or with underlying conditions that may predispose patients to infections , such as advanced or poorly controlled diabetes . Tuberculosis Cases of active tuberculosis , including miliary tuberculosis and tuberculosis with extra - pulmonary location , have been reported in patients treated with Enbrel . Before starting treatment with Enbrel , all patients must be evaluated for both active and inactive ( ' latent' ) tuberculosis . This evaluation should include a detailed medical history with personal history of tuberculosis or possible previous contact with tuberculosis and previous and/or current immunosuppressive therapy .
L673	It is recommended that the conduct of these tests should be recorded in the patient 's alert card . Prescribers are reminded of the risk of false negative tuberculin skin test results , especially in patients who are severely ill or immunocompromised . Local Creator Owner Creator Group Creator Owner Server Creator Group Server NT Pseudo Domain Dialup Network Interactive Service Self Local Service Network Service Remote Desktop Users Error adding % s. We found Ike Turner on the South Pier . Oh , yeah , was he lost ? Stan brought him over . You know Stan ? Stan looked after the girls while we were out . They should be in bed , eh ? I know , but John 's here . Yeah , I 'm here . Yeah , and it 's late . Come on , you two , wake up . I 'll take them up . Come on . Come on , John . It 'll be locked , but there 's a key in the crevice to the left of the door just above eye level . And that 's how you 'll know you 're getting close . One last door . He 'll have a knife . He 's very fast . And he 's very strong . By having arbitrarily and unilaterally changed its position regarding acceptance of the expenses submitted and proved by GEF , the Commission failed in its contractual obligations .
L674	According to GEF , no payment was made in error . In its reply , GEF reformulates that position which was based on a mistranslation of the first paragraph of the abovementioned Article 1235 . According to that article , ' every payment presupposes a debt : any payment made but not due is recoverable' . The Commission has not proved that the sum claimed was paid but was ' not due' . GEF considers that the payment was due and that , in case of doubt , it is incumbent upon the Commission to prove that it made the payment in error , which is not the case here . You know , I was just around and settling in , and , uh , I left the room for a second , I came back , and there 's this statue on the TV when I did n't put it there . In fact , I distinctly remember seeing it in the basement . And you 're sure ? Cut it out ! Okay , that 's it . Go to commercial now . Kaufman , get off my stage . Do n't you touch me ! Break it up ! A nut ! Did you write all that yourself ? Do you want to hear this or not ? " ... being told by her . I knew that old gal . She was cock - eyed and she had a hare lip and no teeth . Hey !
L675	The laws are outside ! They 're in Mexico , they 're in America , or they 're dead . So if he 's out there and if something 's happened to him ... how long do we have to find him ? Somebody does n't check in , we only have 48 hours to find him . Come on . Why are we stopping ? Why ? Because I 'm hungry . So you 're drunk already ? Okay . No more soft drinks , 'cause when in Rome ... I drink wine . Yeah , and we 're not in Rome , so we 're going to drink tequila 'cause we 're in Mexico . And in Mexico we drink tequila . To finding Aaron . The woman who called seemed to think something happened to her . What ? Mr. Butler , you would n't happen to know anything about a bag full of rags we recovered from a dumpster behind a restaurant on east 23rd , would you ? Mr. Butler ? No . I 'm sorry . Would you mind if we continued this back at the precinct ? Hello . Just checking in . You left that cafe in a hurry . Uh , yeah . Sorry about that . Twenty bucks . My mama needs the money . Your buddy may have been their first kill . Pull ! That 's one down , two to go . Jesus Christ . We 've got one final treat .
L676	It 's a sales pitch ? They spent two hours telling us nothing and then try to sell us lame property ? So what do we do ? I 'm crushing your head . A perfectly restorable sun porch wraps around the entire main structure . Let 's step inside this diamond in the rough . I think we have some Dramamine in the hab pod , I 'm just gon na get that or maybe in the cryo - beds . Give my regards to Dr. Mann . Here . And our three prospects are at the edge of what might sustain human life . Wolf Edmunds is here . Tell me about Edmunds . Oh ... Wolf 's a particle physicist . I 'm hoping we can surprise at least three of them . How about Mann ? Frightening . But ... ... no , not evil . Just what we take with us , then . Even me ? Miss Yoshioka You do n't have time to sneak in just get to your seat Yes sir The Cat Returns I hate this Late again and embarrassed in front of the whole class Machida was laughing at me too Why ? Well , this must be a sign Something even worse is about to begin That 's an unusual cat What 's so great about Machida ? He 's just so cool ! Have you told him that ? He seems to have a girlfriend
L677	because the john locke I know was para- - ( rousseau ) hey ! uh , sun . Please , uh ... help . She hadhigh hopes for my future . Good afternoon . Are you the daughter ? I 'm dr . Woodrufffrom neurosurgery . But I can assure you , she'll be well looked after . Look , I was shooting at a boar . I had no idea you were out here . Either way , we'll be safergoing around it . You are right . It was a security perimeter , but like everything elseon this island , it has n't functioned in years . No , wait a minute . I got it . Alright , come with me . You 're free to use the recreation room and the courtyard any time 8 am to 10 pm . But at night we 're locked down and you 'll be confined to your room . This will be your room . Kristen ? I 'm Dr Gerald Stringer . Good morning . How did you sleep ? Who came in here last night ? What do you mean ? Yes , Doctor , always . Here , take these . Dialog command string buffer too small Overlow bit set on input Bad pointer in message CAPI command failed Minimum Stack not available String pointer passed is uninitialized The method or property is not available in Word for Windows . The method or property is not available because .
L678	Description : On FileOpen , detect documents masquerading as templates , ' warn user and optionally restore them to documents HelpActiveWindow HelpKeyboard HelpIndex What the fuck ? Ssh , ssh . Mind your own biz , Dor . Oi , back here , love . Oh , fuck . I know what you 're up to . Yeah ? What ? Yeah , you do . Bates is bringing stuff in , and Boomer 's giving him gobbies as payment . Is that right ? It 's a fucking good idea . This is something for the girls , for their morale . In the case of non - contractual liability , the Agency shall , in accordance with the general principles common to the laws of the Member States , make good any damage caused by its departments or by its servants in the performance of their duties . Hi . I know , I know . It is here , too . Cats and dogs . Well , thanks . Bye . So not coming . That was the guy from The Christian Science Monitor . And we live in Long Island City and she 's , like , older . It 's mortifying . But on the bright side , more stew for us . Yeah . I thought , I really did think , I just did . I thought " book contract . " Me , Judith Jones , happily ever after . A cool customer , yes .
L679	Listen , this whole master - servant thing . . . . . .it 's really ridiculous . Alfred is a sweet , noble man . . . . . .and he 's subjugated all his life and dreams to someone else . Brother , dear . . . . . .I heard you were blue . You can speak freely . We give you life . . . . . .and we can take it away just as easily . If I 'd wanted help , I would have asked for it . You 've already left . You 've got that manoeuvre down real well . Hi , Maverick , come on in . How are you ? Jamie , come on . Make yourself comfortable . Mike will be right down . I flew with your old man . VF-51 , the Oriskany . Only better ... and worse . He was a natural heroic son of a bitch . So he did do it right . The antenna ? Slow and steady . I 'm trying to build everything as close to the original 1940s designs as possible . I do n't like that expression . " Good work " ? You know my name , but I do n't know yours . Ah , I see that you have met Ford . Hey , speaking of rope ... You want cocaine ? Yay ! Because why do you always get paralyzed ? !
L680	Cyril ? ! You and I sling them over our shoulders and climb 200 feet straight up a cliff without a goddamn rope ? ! Each competent authority or the technical service designated by the competent authority shall be entitled to select equipment from the production series at any time for inspection . The type - approval shall be withdrawn by the authority that issued it . Article 1.06 Marking of the equipment and type approval number 1 . Thorn 's and Obrenova 's . So , the two had finally gotten together . But they did not seem happy about it . Jill hesitated a moment , almost overcome with the desire to eavesdrop . Can loffer you gentlemen a glass of sherry ? No , very kind . I think we ought to be going . Thank heaven we know the truth . A young and lovely woman like her . No wonder ... I never had the remotest idea . Neither did Danny , I 'm sure . Will we be needed at the inquest any further , Colonel Julyan ? I can see to it that Maximis not troubled any further . Thank you , sir . No , thank you . I thank you all for your hard and faithful service . The rapporteur was Andrzej ADAMCZYK . Technically , I suppose so . She was sick , I told you that .
L681	She missed work last night and she ai n't been down there to pick up her check today either . You know somethin' ? Why you say that ? Nothing good to it but the money . cuttin ' each other up 'cause they late on a bill , shootin ' folks 'cause there might be a fucking dollar in it . It get to sometime like I ca n't even fucking breathe . Like I ca n't even get no air . Do somethin' else . So , you happy with your job ? ' Detective Castlebeck , Glass shards from the warehouse ... from a black light bulb available at any local hardware store . ' See this glass right here ? I hear he 's a real tight ass . I like your jacket . Thank you . In section 5.1 of the NBG Opening Decision , the Commission has already concluded that the first bridge recapitalisation constitutes State aid . Okay , I have a simple two - step plan to get us through this . Step 1 , we date in secret . Joey . Doing them now . We could watch it together . So we can erase it . Oh , God . Get down . Hi , Chastity . We can play a game . It 's called Top 10 Ways to Torture the Skank Who Kissed Joey . Waterboarding , duh . The five sectors together make up the total domestic economy .
L682	Each sector is also divided into subsectors . The ESA 2010 system enables a complete set of flow accounts and balance sheets to be compiled for each sector , and subsector , as well as for the total economy . Non - resident units can interact with these five domestic sectors , and the interactions are shown between the five domestic sectors and a sixth institutional sector : the rest of the world sector . A local KAU groups all the parts of an institutional unit in its capacity as producer which are located in a single site or in closely located sites , and which contribute to the performance of an activity at the class level ( four digits ) of the NACE Rev. 2 . An institutional unit comprises one or more local KAUs ; a local KAU belongs to one and only one institutional unit . For analysis of the production process , use is made of an analytical unit of production . This unit is only observable when a local KAU produces one type of product , with no secondary activities . This unit is known as a unit of homogeneous production . Groupings of such units constitute homogeneous branches . Resident and non - resident units ; total economy and rest of the world The total economy is defined in terms of resident units .
L683	Article 49 e - Administration Communications , documents and securities may be produced , processed , and managed by using information technology ( IT ) on condition that the systems applicable are managed under the officially approved quality and security protocols fit for those systems . Such print - outs may be replaced by an electronic message between the issuing authority and the beneficiary or the competent authority , on condition that the issuing authority provides in an officially approved certification protocol ensuring the genuineness of the message . I do n't know . Temporary - work agencies shall not charge workers any fees in exchange for arranging for them to be recruited by a user undertaking , or for concluding a contract of employment or an employment relationship with a user undertaking after carrying out an assignment in that undertaking . But it suits me just fine . For most women , if a guy 's a good provider and generally a nice chap , six - pack abs really are n't a deal - breaker . On the flip side , however , even though the PC boyfriend sat next to you with his arm slung around your shoulder will deny it And he will deny it . For us boys , it 's all about F.B.B. Just after the War had ceased the old mutual antipathy between America and Japan began to reappear . Naturally the great European Powers could not remain indifferent to this new war menace .
L684	Customers , both business and private customers , who can not or who are not willing to switch to electronic communication will remain as a segmented , captured market that will presumably only be served by the applicant . Austrian Post currently holds a large majority of the market for paper mail ( 20 ) . The fixed costs of entry and operation of the network required to deliver the service can be seen as a barrier to entry and to competition . This position of Austrian Post is not likely to be contested in a future shrinking market situation , where potential entrants could expect , as compared to current market conditions , to have even more difficulties in making a profit given the amount of fixed costs to recover . In that virtually monopolistic situation , it can not be assumed that the national incumbent would have strong incentives or constraints that would force it to behave competitively in the procurement of its inputs . Austrian Post would be able to pass the cost increases on to the customers ( 21 ) who , given their intrinsic preference for postal delivery , would have no other choice than assuming the price increase . For the same reason , the clearly dominant position of Austrian Post does not guarantee that potential cost decreases will be passed on to customers .
L685	While a main effect of the increasing use of electronic means of communication is the reduction of the overall size of the letters market , it can not be concluded that electronic communication introduced direct competition within the market of postal delivery . Further distinction could be also envisaged on the basis of the type of consignees : within the B2X segment , a distinction between deliveries to businesses ( B2B ) and to customers ( B2C ) since B2C delivery requires a denser network than B2B deliveries . Nevertheless , it appears that in both scenarios ( if B2B and B2C are considered two separate markets or only one market B2X ) the result of the assessment of the competitive situation would be the same . The applicant considers that the postal services for addressed letters B2X domestic and inbound ( 22 ) are part of the same market . Since the result of the assessment would be the same , whether we consider them separately or in the same market , no distinction will be made for the purpose of this Decision and the precise definition of the relevant market will be left open in this respect . We have the technology . Barry Dylan will be that man . Better then he was before . Better . Stronger . Faster . This is amazink ! Ken we ektually create such a think ? ! Can and did ! I greenlit the project way back .
L686	Business or pleasure ? All righty . I guess I have n't found my sea legs . I know what I 'm doing . Well , at least , I hope I do well , at least , I hope I do otherwise we 're all in trouble . Sorry . I 'm ... anwar shabani , the ship 's doctor . It 's my first time at sea , so . Yes , it might sting a little bit . I 'm going to get you some water and something for your fever . Just to report , sir , there 's an injured passenger in the hold . Fucking traitor . Have you lost mind ? Castus came to aid ! Move quickly ! And do not turn back ! Spartacus ! Spartacus is no fool . You expect him to wait in driven snow for you to arrive and announce his end ? I would have number ! The gods march us halfway to fucking Olympus , only to piss on us from atop a wall . Crassus ' army approaches from the mountain pass . Move all those who can not fight to safe distance . See the others to weapons . ( b ) costs that are attributable to contract activity in general and can be allocated to the contract ; and ( c ) such other costs as are specifically chargeable to the customer under the terms of the contract .
L687	( d ) costs of moving plant , equipment and materials to and from the contract site ; ( e ) costs of hiring plant and equipment ; ( g ) the estimated costs of rectification and guarantee work , including expected warranty costs ; and ( h ) claims from third parties . Ahhr . Aahr ! I think I see him ! This way ! Aahr ! Ahhr . Five . Oh , great . I 'm already undead . I can still throw death spells . Just trying to help you . Throw a spell over the pizza man . Where 's our pizza , man ? I 'm ready to ... now to play . Summary of calibration and verification The Table 8.1 summarizes the calibrations and verifications described in paragraph 8 . and indicates when these have to be performed . Note 7 EN 60730 - 1:1995 and its amendments CENELEC EN 60730 - 2 - 5:1995 Automatic electrical controls for household and similar use - Part 2 : Particular requirements for automatic electrical burner control systems ( IEC 60730 - 2 - 5:1993 ( Modified ) ) The Scientific Committee may , with the agreement of the chairperson , invite non - member persons to participate in its meetings . Good boy . I 'm leavin ' , Snod . I 'm not takin ' any more chances with Chris and the kids . But we 're brothers , mate .
L688	Do n't pull that . They 've got me so worried , before Chris takes the kids to school , I 'm checkin ' the fuckin ' car for bombs . At night , we 're pushin ' the couch up against the bloody front door . I got responsibilities . You know , in case you have n't noticed , they 're not right in the fuckin ' head . I ca n't risk my family , mate . You know Jock 's gon na see this as a win ? Fuck him . Are your brothers goin' too ? " Red ! " Jerbollah cried in delight . " What ? " demanded Bruenor , who , like those dwarves beside him , saw nothing different about the lighting in the chapel . " Makes a good batch o ' holy water , though , " one of the dwarves nearby remarked , to a chorus of snickers . Poor Jerbollah , who thought his spell had worked brilliantly , did not understand what was so funny . Stumpet Rakingclaw leaped forward , seizing the moment . " I had planned something different , " she explained quickly , as Bruenor sipped , then swallowed the mead ( and the dwarf king 's face brightened once more as he declared this batch a nine ) . " But a cleric of Moradin , of Clanggedon , who knows battle best of all , must be ready to improvise ! "
L689	The results of research funded by the Agency shall be published , provided the Agency does not classify them as confidential . Article 26 International relations 1 . It shall , in particular , assist in the harmonising of rules and mutual recognition regarding approvals attesting the satisfactory application of rules . This border can be the border of a frame , graphic or table . The Line Style icon will only be visible if a graphic , table , chart object or frame has been selected . This button has submenus to add , edit or remove instances . This button opens the Field Format dialog . This category contains the Logical functions . This category contains the Mathematical functions for Calc . To open the Function Wizard , choose Insert - Function . This category contains the Statistics functions . This category contains the array functions . This chapter provides a short overview of all of the arithmetical operators that you may need for calculations within a program . This checkbox is only available if Asian language support is enabled and the text direction is set to vertical . Aligns Asian characters one below the other in the selected cell(s ) . If the cell contains more than one line of text , the lines are converted to text columns that are arranged from right to left . Western characters in the converted text are rotated 90 degrees to the right . Asian characters are not rotated .
L690	Importers that are related to exporting producers have to fill in Annex I to the questionnaire for these exporting producers . Do not store above 25 ° C . " We 've got to get out of here ! " Slanter snatched at Garet Jax urgently . There was fear in his eyes , but reason as well . " Quickly , Weapons Master ! " The gray wood lifted from the Cillidellan , clawed hands drawing back within their robes . I want to go home . Ca n't talk now . Got ta kick karev 's ass suturing . Uh , since when are you friends with my mentor ? We do n't talk about you . I let you live with me . Who ? Hold it!Hold it ! It needs surgery , but callie wants to do 24 hours of antibiotic coverage . So I think we should just irrigate and splint . I 'll take care of it . Or I could take care of it , and you could take care of the wife 's scalp . Over my dead body . Never ! No arguments , Guillaume . She has to die and she will . We have other killers . If need be , I 'll do it . In the shooting range , you could 've run like mad , but she saved your life with those smoke grenades . Let her sell us all out if she wants .
L691	She protected me . She protected you . Now it 's her daughter . That 'll do ! In the absence of any evaluation studies , the incentive effect of fiscal aid schemes may be presumed only for incremental measures . Than spy on michael knight all day . I have nothing better to do . Me neither . The consequence of the approach followed in Ritter - Coulais is that the distinction between the free movement of workers and the freedom to move on the basis of European citizenship has become blurred . Under this approach , where a European citizen moves to another Member State for non - economic reasons , this may result in his being able to claim rights which in the present system are reserved to those who have exercised their freedom for reasons of employment , establishment or the provision of services . Without prejudice to paragraphs 1 to 5 , Member States shall ensure , in accordance with their legal systems and practices , that the modalities and conditions regarding the provision of such short extracts are defined , in particular , with respect to any compensation arrangements , the maximum length of short extracts and time limits regarding their transmission . Where compensation is provided for , it shall not exceed the additional costs directly incurred in providing access.' B - National law 10 .
L692	Over the years , we had spotted two strangers who looked exactly like members of our group . ( ALL CHATTERING ) Ladies , meet Stripper Lily . Oh ! - Okay . ( CHUCKLING ) Busted . And there was a stripper who looked exactly like me ? Okay , babe , look , before you get mad , let me ... So , strip club . ( VOICE SHAKING ) Marshall made me go . All right , so what did I do wrong next ? Article 128 is replaced by the following : " Article 128 The accounting officers of the other institutions and bodies referred to in Article 121 shall send to the Commission 's accounting officer and to the Court of Auditors by 1 March of the following year at the latest their provisional accounts together with the report on budgetary and financial management during the year . The Commission 's accounting officer shall consolidate these provisional accounts with the Commission 's provisional accounts and shall send to the Court of Auditors , by 31 March of the following year at the latest , the Commission 's provisional accounts together with the provisional consolidated accounts .
L693	So , I asked for the case . I have a pole dancing class that day . Exercise ? We 're about two seconds away from jumping up on this table , and kicking everything in sight , which by the way , is our own property . I can do it myself . In my opinion , this means that the contracting public entity must be able to participate in the effective control of the contractor company , at least in proportion to the relative influence of that contracting public entity within the group of public entities which jointly control the company . Let 's do it ! And the Devil take the hindmost . How sweet . So what do we do now ? Well , let 's see . First off , how much money do we have to play with ? Anton ! We need you . How much money have you got ? You know you do . If reason number one does not pan out very , very soon ... ... I think I 'm gon na punch you in the nose . Forbearance , Lisbon . Harken is gon na come around that corner ... ... with an anxious expression on his face because someone has run off . Any moment now . Wait . Any moment . Nothing . Hi . Never would 've caught him your way . You know what ? I promise . You got out of there alive . You deserve a drink .
L694	We 're having roast for dinner . Your unit ... Pity . Good day . Are you Eino ? DEVELOPMENT AND PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND OVER THE PERIOD 2003 - 2006[9 ] 3.1 . Shielding the Union budget from calls due to defaults [ pic]Since its beginning in 1994 , the Fund has efficiently fulfilled its main objective by preventing any disruption of budget implementation that would have occurred as a result of the defaults on lending operations guaranteed by the Union budget . Graph 2 in Annex shows how the Fund has succeeded in absorbing the impact of calls on the Community guarantee . Had it not been for the Fund , the Communities would at several occasions have had to use budgetary resources to pay for activations of guarantees and this would have required redeployment of appropriations in the course of budget implementation . Since 2003 , four calls for a total of EUR 9.2 million have been handled through the Fund , all concerning guarantees issued to the EIB for loans in the Republic of Argentina ( see Table 1 in Annex which gives a detailed view on all flows in and out of the Fund ) . The Fund has recovered all capital and interest due from the Republic of Argentina in the 2003 - 2005 period . The recent low default related losses to the Fund should not be mistaken as a sign of a decreased risk for the Fund .
L695	At present the highest individual risk for a single country amounts to EUR 1.8 billion and in case of for instance a civil war situation the calls on the Fund could increase substantially as the experience with the former Federal Republic of Yugoslavia has shown . With the Sunnis , there are some very basic , very serious religious differences . " RESULTS OF CONSULTATIONS WITH THE INTERESTED PARTIES AND IMPACT ASSESSMENTS - Consultation of interested parties - Collection and use of expertise There was no need for consultation of interested parties or for external expertise since the proposal to align Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1234/2007 to the Lisbon Treaty is an inter - institutional matter that will concern all Council Regulations . - Impact assessment No need for an impact assessment since the proposal to align Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1234/2007 to the Lisbon Treaty is an inter - institutional matter that will concern all Council Regulations . The on - line questionnaire was accessible from the DG Climate Action and " Your Voice " websites . The questionnaire was made available in all official languages and due care was taken to inform stakeholders . · Outcome of the online public consultation process The data collected through the online stakeholder consultation suggest that EU citizens have a keen interest in climate change information and support further improvements to the reporting system , in particular with regard to the comprehensiveness and transparency of information .
L696	At these meetings , the Member States agreed that there was a need to revise the Monitoring Mechanism Decision to take into account developments at Union and international level , and lessons learned through its implementation . Seven Member States ( Finland , Germany , Hungary , Netherlands , Slovakia , Spain and Sweden ) volunteered to provide information on the administrative burden / costs . These Member States were consulted twice via questionnaires . However , only 5 ( Finland , Germany , Hungary , Netherlands and Sweden ) provided answers to the second questionnaire . The low response rate to the second questionnaire is mostly due to the fact that the questions dealt primarily with new provisions that will come in under the new Monitoring Mechanism Regulation . Thus Member States found it difficult to estimate the potential administrative burden . Bye . What are we waiting for ? The proposal aligns these procedures to their updated versions set out in the NLF Decision . It keeps some sector specific elements already provided for in Directive 2009/23/EC as the intervention in certain cases of two notified bodies in the production control phase . Furthermore , the statistical verification provided for in Modules F and F1 of the NLF Decision has not been kept , as it is not relevant for the non - automatic weighing instruments sector . Before roughly you had one gold piece per apple ; now you have less than one gold piece per apple .
L697	But no , this is a very important point , because the money was put to work in actual productive investments that create wealth , that make the pie bigger , or the pie of apples bigger , we actually experience deflation . I 'll see you in the next video . Next - Generation Development PRAGUE - Over the next 15 years , some two billion children will be born , 90 % in the poorest parts of the world . Providing these kids with a better start would be one of the greatest achievements that humanity could make . Doing so also would be one of the most efficient uses of the resources that the world dedicates to development . Next month , world leaders will gather at the United Nations in New York to agree on the Sustainable Development Goals : the targets that will succeed the 18 set in the year 2000 by the Millennium Development Goals . How they are prioritized will be profoundly important to the lives of billions of people . The Copenhagen Consensus , a research organization that I head , asked 82 eminent economists from around the world to carry out a cost - benefit analysis of the proposed targets , in order to establish which are likely to do the most good for people , the planet , and global prosperity over the next 15 years .
L698	Opportunities start at birth - or not . In 2013 , 6.3 million children died before their fifth birthday . Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1301/2006 of 31 August 2006 laying down common rules for the administration of import tariff quotas for agricultural products managed by a system of import licences ( 3 ) applies to import licences for import tariff quota periods starting from 1 January 2007 . That Regulation limits the period of validity of licences to the last day of the import tariff quota period . It is necessary to align the provisions of Regulation ( EC ) No 936/97 on Regulation ( EC ) No 1301/2006 where appropriate . Article 5(2 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 936/97 provides that Member States should notify the Commission of the total quantity covered by applications on the second working day following the closing date for their submission . Article 5(4 ) of the same Regulation provides that , subject to a decision of the Commission to accept applications , licences should be issued on the 11th day of each month . For practical reasons , it should be provided that the licences should be issued on the 15th day of each month . Because of the schedule of public holidays in 2007 , this amendment should apply from April 2007 . Some provisions of Regulation ( EC ) No 936/97 relating to import tariff quota periods in the past are obsolete . Well , not him but his phone call ?
L699	He 's in there with Special Agent Dale Cooper . Sheriff Truman , I 've transferred Ben Horne to you . It 's the line with the light that 's blinking . Yes , Ben . What ? For as much as maybe two days . Audrey Horne is missing . The agent said that Catherine was concerned ... ... about certain irregularities . Such as Josie being named the chief beneficiary . The prospective applicant for the authorisation , or the renewal or review thereof , and the holder or holders of relevant authorisations shall take all reasonable steps to reach agreement on the sharing of any test and study reports protected under Article 62 that are required by the applicant for the authorisation , or the renewal or review , of a plant protection product . Such an agreement may be replaced by submission of the matter to an arbitration board and acceptance of the arbitration order . In an endeavour to ensure that the costs of sharing the information are determined in a fair , transparent and non - discriminatory way , the Commission may , in accordance with the regulatory procedure referred to in Article 83(3 ) , adopt cost - sharing guidelines based on those principles . Make them wait . Nobody knows for sure . . . just how much was taken in the daring pre - dawn raid . . . at the Lufthansa cargo terminal at Kennedy Airport .
L700	Those sons of bitches ! REPORTER : . . .from the scene of the heist at JFK . Maybe the biggest this town has ever seen . Come here , you ! Come here ! Do n't buy anything ! I 'm sorry , Jimmy . To this end , the programme produces wide - ranging and systematic data on territorial trends related to various economic , social and environmental aspects , with a view to identifying the potential of regions , cities and larger territories and the economic challenges they face . Economic and social cohesion is implemented through the Regional Policy of the EU , which was incorporated into the EC Treaty by the Maastricht Treaty of 1992 . Detailed criteria are laid down at national level . More Employment The EU is committed to helping Europe remain at the forefront of the global economy and seeks to play its part in creating the right conditions to generate employment and growth . What are you talking about ? You peed in my shampoo . Admit it ! And I know how your sick mind works . Ladies . No , we are not getting back together . I love this music . Making love , regret , cigarettes . Cigarettes ? That 's what I assume . Community producers' prices on the Community market were undercut by dumped imports and could not be increased to reflect the increased cost of production during the IP .
L701	As a result , the industry made losses in 2003 and in the IP . Employment and investments respectively decreased by 5 % and 50 % over the period under examination . In certain circumstances , especially when it is justified by distance , time of transport , or capacity problems , the designated processing , incineration or co - incineration plant could be located in another Member State . It is necessary to lay down minimum requirements for such incineration plants to protect animal and public health . Pending the adoption of Community requirements , Member States may adopt environmental legislation for such plants . Less strict requirements should apply to low - capacity incineration plants , such as those located on farms and at pet crematoria , to reflect the lower risk posed by the material treated and to avoid unnecessary transport of animal by - products . You smoke now ? That jerk Radouan deals like his brother ? Do n't worry . I can handle it . The cops'll have you in in no time . I mean , he 's not the horny type . There 's something between us . I never do it on the first date . But it seemed so obvious . Know what ? I think I scare him . A girl with character scares guys off . She saps their virility . They 're all faggots anyhow . Manu , get over here ! Seen Radouan ? We found him .
L702	As in crime scene evidence ? Maybe I heard them wrong . Yeah , but we still do n't know who sent it . I do n't care if it was the Manson Family . Anything that keeps her this happy is fine by me . I better get to bed . Long day tomorrow . Suze can get to the Dogan , but going there 's no good . Mia 's locked off the controls . There 's nothing Suze can do . She 's kidnapped . She . . . she . . . " He stopped . For a moment everything had been so clear , like a dream upon the instant of waking . Then , as so often happens with dreams , it faded . He did n't even know if it had been a real message from Susannah , or pure imagi­nation . Young fella , did somethin just happen ? So Cullum had felt it , too . Some form of the touch seemed more likely . John waited , and when there was no more from Eddie , turned to Roland .
L703	Not only do you want to conceal it in a place where no one will think to look ... Okay , brother , you ready ? But also in a place no one will want to look . Okay , that looks sufficiently gross . Okay , Burke , we 're ready over here . Let 's see if it works . Transmitting . He did n't know what we know . So , what ... now you 're actually considering helping Scorpius ? No . It 's just not clear what my next move is . Well then you get clear . I said I 'd back you up , and I will . Bialar . To the Peacekeepers ? Scorpius despises me as much as I despise him . As does loyalty . Give him what he wants from Crichton . Show Scorpius you 're not his enemy . Annex I shall include all items , materials , equipment , goods and technology , including software , which are dual - use items or technology as defined in Regulation ( EC ) No 428/2009 ( 10 ) . Annex Ia shall include other items , materials , equipment , goods and technology which could contribute to North Korea 's nuclear - related , other weapons of mass destruction - related or ballistic missile - related programmes . Sometimes they 're very , very simple things . where I ask people to remember a walk
L704	and take it inside of Google Streetview . And I promise you , if you take that walk inside Google Streetview , And I collected those moments -- the photos inside Google Streetview and the memories , specifically . and her replying , ' When I 'm bored I eat pretzels . ' I remember this distinctly because it came up a lot . " Were n't we doing this together ? We are not special . You should have told me . ( 2 ) OJ L 60 , 1.3.2002 , p. 60 . ANNEX LABOUR FORCE SURVEY Multi - annual programme of ad hoc modules 1 . Boxus and Others , paragraph 40 ; and Solvay and Others , paragraph 34 ) . The danger must be growing for the rowers keep on rowing ! And they 're certainly not showing any signs that they are slowing ! Make him stop , Daddy ! - This has gone far enough ! I 'm sorry to justcome over here without calling , but I need to speak with you . Come in . Figured as much . Well , I need a favor . Look , I do n't know what he 's been telling you , but Orson left me . Why ? Beautiful , is n't she ? Oh . I 'll take her . I must say , your daughter 's a lucky little girl . My daughter ? We , uh , we fixed the glitch .
L705	So it 'll just work itself out naturally . You like the idea of us But you have no idea who he is I 'm quite something , are n't I ? To me you are . No . I 'm fine . I have n't slept much the past few days , that 's all . I 'm fine . I live near here . I 'm taking you back to my house . Okay . Phoenix is in . She 's on her own . We 're on position . Reference acts Protocol on the Privileges and Immunities of the European Union , and in particular Article 12 thereof . 4 0 3 Proceeds from the temporary contribution from the salaries of Members of the institutions , officials and other servants in active employment Financial year 2014 Financial year 2013 Financial year 2012 p.m. p.m. Remarks This revenue comprises all the proceeds from the temporary contribution from the remuneration of officials and other servants in active employment deducted from the salaries of the staff of the Office . You 're doing it . Doing what ? Using your imagination , Peter . You 're playing with us , Peter . You 're doing it . Bangerang . Catch ! Hey , Pockets , catch ! Bangerang ! Peter , look out ! It 's his money . Let him do whatever the hell he wants .
L706	Yeah , hello ? I 'm with that party that you wanted me to get together with , Lee . Well , because I 'm standing- I 'm standing with the guy , and he insists on talking to you . Are you out of your fucking mind ? At last we speak . First of all , Lee , I 'm a really big fan of yours . Dr. Zhivago is a pretty big movie . The biggest movie you 've ever dealt with , Lee . We 're talking a lot of film here . A man would have to be an idiot not to be a little bit cautious about a movie like that . You 've heard of the Devil ? " " I have read of the Devil , in books . " " Snob . But your stupidity is worse than your arrogance . You blithely assume that what 's good for Teela Brown is good for you . Why should it be ? " Member States shall ensure , by the appropriate methods and the necessary means , the implementation of a documented system for ongoing skills development for the personnel referred to in paragraphs 1 to 3 and continuous updating of their knowledge as appropriate to the tasks they are appointed or authorised to undertake .
L707	Potential TTIP benefits for SMEs include tariffs , regulatory issues and non - tariff barriers , services , electronic commerce , government procurement , customs and trade facilitation , and intellectual property rights . The EESC supports the inclusion of a chapter in TTIP dedicated to SME issues . Such a chapter could establish mechanisms for both sides to work together to facilitate SMEs ' participation in transatlantic trade . Provisions could also include an SME committee that would engage with the small business community and the development of web - based information and other resources to help SMEs understand the provisions of the agreement and how they can benefit from it . What did he tell you ? That tells you how much he did not want this information come out . No , Karen . That does me no good . What am I looking for ? Fine . Even if I had the resources , which I do n't , why in God 's name would I want to see Wieland cause a panic , especially today ? Article 5 Pursuant to Article 4 the High Contracting Parties shall exert their maximum efforts multilaterally as well as bilaterally on the basis of equality , non - discrimination and mutual benefit . To this end , they shall promote the greater utilisation of their agriculture and industries , the expansion of their trade and the improvement of their economic infrastructure for the mutual benefit of their peoples .
L708	To this end , the High Contracting Parties shall maintain regular contacts and consultations with one another on international and regional matters with a view to coordinating their views actions and policies . Article 10 Each High Contracting Party shall not in any manner or form participate in any activity which shall constitute a threat to the political and economic stability , sovereignty , or territorial integrity of another High Contracting Party . Article 12 The High Contracting Parties in their efforts to achieve regional prosperity and security , shall endeavour to cooperate in all fields for the promotion of regional resilience , based on the principles of self - confidence , self - reliance , mutual respect , cooperation and solidarity which will constitute the foundation for a strong and viable community of nations in Southeast Asia . 1.1.1.4 . CHAPTER IV : PACIFIC SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES Article 13 The High Contracting Parties shall have the determination and good faith to prevent disputes from arising . In case disputes on matters directly affecting them should arise , especially disputes likely to disturb regional peace and harmony , they shall refrain from the threat or use of force and shall at all times settle such disputes among themselves through friendly negotiations .
L709	Article 14 To settle disputes through regional processes , the High Contracting Parties shall constitute , as a continuing body , a High Council comprising a Representative at ministerial level from each of the High Contracting Parties to take cognisance of the existence of disputes or situations likely to disturb regional peace and harmony . Article 15 In the event no solution is reached through direct negotiations , the High Council shall take cognisance of the dispute or the situation and shall recommend to the parties in dispute appropriate means of settlement such as good offices , mediation , inquiry or conciliation . Fait accompli , Harry . Get used to it . Harry shook his head and grinned mirthlessly . ' I will be rid of you , ' he said . ' Believe me , Faethor , I 'll be rid of you , even if it means getting rid of myself . ' Suicide ? Faethor tut - tutted . No , not you , Harry . You will not kill yourself while there 's still a chance to kill another one of them . ' Another one of you , you mean ? But you could be wrong , Faethor . A bullet through my brain , like Trevor Jordan . . .
L710	I 'm not here for you . Stop the bus ! He ca n't ! Stop the bus ! OK ? Now , listen . I do n't care about your crime . We 're just two cool guys , just hanging out ... Sam ! I get the wheel ! The President personally ordered them brought to the White House . " " I think I understand , " Pitt assured him . As he walked across the hangar floor , the weight of his responsibility fell over him like a black cloud . Uneasily , he approached the Wolfs ' deserted executive jet and studied the mutilated tail section that he had crushed with the Snow Cruiser , before stepping around to the entrance door and entering the darkened interior . He pulled his flashlight from a pocket and swept its beam around the cabin . There was a bar and credenza with a large TV . The rear compartment of the cabin held a king - size bed in anticipation of its owner 's getting a few hours ' sleep while the plane was in flight . Forward , just behind the cockpit , he could see a small galley , complete with oven , microwave , sink , and cabinets that held crystal glasses and china . Pitt knelt and ran his hands over the surface . There was a brass plaque embedded in the lid . He shined the light on the lettering and leaned closer .
L711	Windows Update : Internet Explorer and Internet Tools Yep . Spaghetti ? Now get a grip . Come back to me . I will , Chef . Pasta 's raw . All of you , this is . Dining room filling up , table of Marines , overcooked scallops , and crunchy spaghetti . What are we doing here ? Dropping spaghetti . Seven minutes out . We have got to get this together or we are all toast . These customers are coming for an experience up there . So far , we have n't even left the ground yet . I think they 're good . Ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five-- Service . Any progress ? No . How 's Father Francis ? Savages . If they think they can get away with this , they do n't understand the British . Look out ! Chuma , are you all right ? Look after Chuma . Do n't follow me . Rachel ? Rachel . Rachel . Recommendation to the Council , the Commission and the European External Action Service on the role of broadcasting media in projecting the EU and its values [ 2013/2187(INI ) ] - Committee on Foreign Affairs . Rapporteur : Graham Watson ( A7 - 0248/2014 ) steve and lisa harris . Gunned down a block away from their house . Theory was a carjacking gone wrong . Cold from the start . No suspects , no nothing .
L712	Six months prior to getting whacked , their tropical fish store burnt down . Daughter said brent was with her at home waiting for her parents to come back . Well , now we know he was in the car . So why 'd she lie ? Good question . So this brent , can he count cards , toothpicks , what ? All we know is he ca n't show emotion . No hugs , no affection . 4.1 Therapeutic indications Treatment of narcolepsy with cataplexy in adult patients . Treatment should be initiated by and remain under the guidance of a physician experienced in the treatment of sleep disorders . Posology The recommended starting dose is 4.5 g / day sodium oxybate divided into two equal doses of 2.25 g / dose . Get back to your post . They 're right , Baran , and you know it . Now . If he has nothing to give us , we should kill him now . Everybody recognises that except you . I do n't need a consensus to run this ship . What 's going on ? I 'm bypassing the aft plasma couplings . The power loss should only last for a few seconds . You should learn not to limit your options . Riker could be very useful . He may not be that useful , if this is the same Riker that I 've heard about . What Riker might that be ?
L713	He was thoughtful for a moment . " It is of no matter ; I will tell you later . A fine strip of light still touched the main altar , whose frontal seemed to glow with a golden radiance . The side naves were immersed in gloom . The hands were white , with long tapering fingers . He resembled a maiden withered by premature death . He cast on us a gaze at first bewildered , as if we had disturbed him during an ecstatic vision ; then his face brightened with joy . " William ! " he exclaimed . Unlike Hassadar 's District Agricultural Fair , utility did not seem to be a consideration . It might even count as a defect . They paused to lean on a balcony railing that gave a partial over - view down the hanging garden 's slopes . A green flicker by his feet caught Miles s eye . The procedures for the Board of Appeal shall be determined by the Commission in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 132(3 ) . Article 93 Actions before the Court of First Instance and the Court of Justice 1 . On farms producing the PGI the extensive and semi - extensive production system traditional to the area is applied , with an extensive system or regime being used for breeding stock and lambs during the rearing stage .
L714	The lambs stay with their dams and feed on maternal milk until they are weaned ( when they are between 40 and 50 days old ) . Once weaned , the lambs remain housed and monitored , either in suitable premises on the farm or on fattening farms and in finishing centres entered in the relevant Register . They are mainly fed concentrates consisting primarily of cereals , oilseeds , protein crops and cereal straw . In the feed supplement for slaughter lambs only feed consisting primarily of cereals , oilseeds and protein crops is used . The slaughter of the lambs and the dressing of the carcases is carried out in slaughterhouses and cutting plants which can prove that the product complies with specifications , the facilities comply with legislation in force , appropriate records are kept to ensure traceability of the product and the performance of regular checks is permitted . The aim is to ensure that PGI Cordero de Extremadura is protected and its integrity preserved . The time taken to transport the lambs from their farms of origin to the slaughterhouses must not exceed two hours . This aims to prevent transportation from being stressful for the animals , while at the same time preventing the quality of the meat from being affected by variations in pH as the result of such stress .
L715	The Regulatory Council is also involved in both the dressing and cutting up of the carcase , verifying that the presentation of the carcases or cutting them up does not lead to a reduction in quality . Hey , honey , I got ta go I 'll call you later , right ? Your mom got stuck at work . I did , but one of Madison 's cousins got pregnant and all family is going crazy . You did say Madison 's cousin , right ? So , what was that today ? Too loose . No , not the dress . Aiden . Who have made out . And threw up ! I was drunk when that happened . What 's the name of your little brother 's illness ? People with this disease die when they fall in love . What ! ? People with this disease die when they fall in love . Just kidding , a genetic one . What ? It was when I was still small . So , me and my father are the only survivors . Do you know what this means ? Even my hair is rough like steel wires ! Shall we eat ? Sally 's patterns clouded in anguish , and then faded away . Words have to be chosen , and then interpreted ; but thought - shapes you feel , inside you . . . .
L716	The sun was low and we were beginning to pack up when Michael made contact again . ' Listen to me , ' he told us . They 're badly alarmed over us . Nobody can settle anywhere without proofs of identity , or a very thorough examination by the local inspector , so he 's pretty well bound to end up in the Fringes , anyway . Mass in running order Mass of the vehicle with bodywork and , in the case of a towing vehicle of a category other than M 1 , with coupling device , if fitted by the manufacturer , in running order , or mass of the chassis or chassis with cab , without bodywork and/or coupling device , if the manufacturer does not fit the bodywork and/or coupling device ( including liquids , tools , spare wheel , if fitted , and driver and , for buses and coaches , a crew member if there is a crew seat in the vehicle ) ( h ) ( maximum and minimum for each variant ) : ... Distribution of this mass among the axles and , in the case of a semi - trailer or centre - axle trailer , load on the coupling point ( maximum and minimum for each variant ) : ... Technically permissible maximum laden mass stated by the manufacturer ( i ) ( 3 ): ...
L717	It follows that , even if the Kingdom of Spain did not , at the stage of the application , expressly indicate that it was raising a plea under Article 241 EC alleging the illegality of Articles 3 and 6 of Regulation No 1954/2003 , the plea of illegality may be regarded as implicitly contained in the application . Non - automatic carryovers to the financial year 2014 , pursuant to Article 13 of the Financial Regulation , totalled EUR 7 34 000 . No ? Mom ? Dad ? We 'll get back to that later . Guess who 's here ? It 's Prof . Einstein . You 're a genius . I see a Nobel Prize in your future . Study break , boys . Company 's here . Damn it . You thought that was funny , huh ? I thought you fucking cut me . All right . All right . Let me do it . Let me do it . Nice . Wow . You got hair all over you . Oh , man . Morning , pretty boy- What 'd you do with my friend , man ? I 'm your true family . You belong with me . This is for Isaac . Bang . You defied me ! You denied my birthright . Liar . Enough . How dare you castrate my words , you fuck ! First son and first daughter was my prophecy ... and it was fulfilled ! You add these two together .
L718	That 's all that matters to me . His grandmother can offer him emotional stability . Then we'il have to fight this out . I would n't advise it . We can make a deal . To me the kid moving out is n't a deal . No . No . No . You ever thought of doing anything different ? You know , if we did n't do what we do . What do you mean ? A business or something . Something different . Years ago I thought of getting a pet shop . Exotic pets , snakes , iguanas , that sort of thing . You in a shop ? Why ? What 's wrong with that ?
L719	The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union ( 3 ) ( ' the Charter' ) declares in Article 1 the inviolability of human dignity , providing that it must be respected and protected . Article 24 of the Charter provides that children have the right to such protection and care as is necessary for their well - being and that in all actions relating to children , whether taken by public authorities or private institutions , the child 's best interests must be a primary consideration . The European Union should gear its political action to preventing any form of violation of the principle of respect for human dignity . Such action should strike a balance between the protection of individual rights on the one hand and freedom of expression on the other , in particular with respect to Member States ' responsibility for defining the notion of incitement to hatred or discrimination in accordance with their national legislation and moral values . Council Recommendation 98/560/EC of 24 September 1998 on the development of the competitiveness of the European audiovisual and information services industry by promoting national frameworks aimed at achieving a comparable and effective level of protection of minors and human dignity ( 4 ) is the first legal instrument at Community level which in its recital ( 5 ) addresses issues of the protection of minors and of human dignity in relation to audiovisual and information services made available to the public , whatever the means of conveyance .
L720	By Decision No 276/1999/EC ( 6 ) , the European Parliament and the Council adopted a multiannual Community Action plan on promoting safer use of the Internet by combating illegal and harmful content on global networks ( the ' Safer Internet Action Plan' ) . Decision No 1151/2003/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council ( 7 ) extended the Safer Internet Action Plan for two years and amended its scope to include measures to encourage exchange of information and coordination with the relevant actors at national level as well as special provisions for the accession countries . Directive 2000/31/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2000 on certain legal aspects of information society services , in particular electronic commerce , in the Internal Market ( 8 ) clarifies some legal concepts and harmonises certain aspects in order to enable information society services to fully benefit from the internal market principles . A number of the provisions of Directive 2000/31/EC are also relevant to the protection of minors and human dignity , in particular Article 16(1)(e ) , according to which Member States and the Commission are to encourage the drawing up of codes of conduct regarding the protection of minors and human dignity . Excuse me , but I think I 'm just as qualified as you are . ♪ Our whole universe was in a hot , dense state ♪ ♪ Then nearly 14 billion years ago expansion started ...
L721	Are Rajesh and Leonard competing for it as well ? Mm - hmm . Do they know they do n't stand a chance 'cause you 're so great ? You know , I must say I go back and forth on this boyfriend - girlfriend thing , but those moments when you worship me really keep you in the running . It would be nice to have the increased income . Stand up . There 's no goodbye , María , because we 're not apart . Pilar ! No , Pilar , I ca n't go ! No ! Oh Roberto ! Roberto , let me stay , please ! Please do n't make me go ! No , Roberto , no ! I do n't mind this at all now . They 're away . Think how it would be if they 'd got María instead of you . No , you fool ! You were n't kidding María about that talk of " now " ! " Commander , escort our guest back to his ship and see that his people are checked out on the assault shuttle I 've had prepared for them . " He gave Ferrier a nudge , and the group turned and headed aft . " Go with them , Rukh , " Thrawn said . " Yes , my lord , " the Noghri said , and slipped silently away after the departing ship thief .
L722	The following covariates were statistically significantly associated with a decreased risk of developing diarrhoea : increasing cumulative capecitabine dose ( 0.1*kg ) and increasing relative dose intensity in the first six weeks . In addition to the ADRs described in tables 4 and 5 , the following ADRs with an incidence of less than 0.1 % were associated with the use of capecitabine monotherapy based on a pooled analysis from clinical safety data from 7 clinical trials including 949 patients ( 2 phase III and 5 phase II clinical trials in metastatic colorectal cancer and metastatic breast cancer ) : cardiomyopathy , cardiac failure , sudden death , and ventricular extrasystoles . Encephalopathy In addition to the ADRs described in tables 4 and 5 , and based on the above pooled analysis from clinical safety data from 7 clinical trials , encephalopathy was also associated with the use of capecitabine monotherapy with an incidence of less than 0.1 % . Elderly patients ( see section 4.2 ) Patients ≥60 years of age treated with capecitabine plus docetaxel also had more early withdrawals from treatment due to adverse reactions compared to patients < 60 years of age .
L723	SANCO/1840/08 - rev . 6 , 11 July 2014 . Review report for the active substance Trichoderma asperellum T34 . SANCO/12614/2012 - rev . 4 , 20 November 2012 . Review report for the active substance Trichoderma atroviride strain I-1237 . Finalised in the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health at its meeting on 20 November 2012 in view of the inclusion of Trichoderma atroviride strain I-1237 in Annex I of Directive 91/414/EEC . SANCO/12620/2012 - rev . 4 , 20 November 2012 . Bye ! OK , I 'm coming . Turn that music doWn or I 'll chuck it all out . I have to go . Yeah , see you . I 'll see you after double Latin . I think Pongo'sgoing to bring some tuck up to the dorm . Er , come ... come in . Hi . You paged me , having problems ? But with my personal life , no . Oh , make way , stand for information - technology man . God , someone 's done a real job on this . It looks like a two - year - old 's just gone mad . I 'm sorry . So , you were delivering ice cream , huh ? Gelato . I 'm e - mailing you now . Did you get it ? Yeah , I got it . It 's Sam . It means I should have made a blood pact . Neal broke our agreement . Morning . Morning .
L724	Sweet . Thank you for the gelato . That was all Elizabeth 's doing . Create the user $ { USER } ? Create this topic Create three parts from the current staff . Create tickets offline Create Tickets Create ticket Create tiled clones Create Tiled Clones ... Create Tiled Clones ... Create Timebase Create Time Create timetable schema Create Titles for Movement Larus , You 're staying here ! Larus ! || METHOD OF CALCULATION : See Comments 6.0 They all think I know the way to do it and I do n't know the way . They all think I know all the answers , but I do n't . Everything was so easy , if you were human - sized . Two days went past . The nomes kept watch from the girder over the garage . Gurder found a map . It was in quite a small book . ' That was no trouble,' he said . ' We have dozens of these every year . It 's called - ' he read the gold lettering slowly ' - Pocket Diary . Rating deadlock involving question % 1 - insert aborted.\ E - Mail Logging Semaphore Delimiter Search Delimiter Logical Operator Search Detail Search Result Line No . Alan 's gon na be head of business affairs . Smell that . It 's dead fucking simple . Do n't like us , fuck off . I do n't like you , I fuck off .
L725	I 'll write a contract saying there 's no contracts . Here you are . In the words of the great prophet , " I dares do owt . " " I ... " ... Tony .... " How can you read that ? What more do you want ? Martin ? What are you doing ? Now I 'm recording Tony fucking Wilson . We want you to produce a band for us . ( Name of the last competent agency / administration of a Member State party to the agreement ) For possible arrangements with third countries , bodies competent by virtue of provisions adopted within the framework of the Treaties and international bodies involved in the activities of the JIT , see Appendix I. Huh ? What do you mean ? She means the door . A perfect fit . We 're calling distinguished company . Have another little drink , comrade . Why ? You 've been buying me drink after drink for two hours . What I 'm tryin ' to figure out is why . Why ? I - It 's justthat the boys ... told me to amuse you for a little while . Yeah ! They - They said you 'd understand . It was the inanimate machine 's robotic signal that another dual reference had been calculated . He back - taped and found nothing . He pressed forward , typing like a mindless automaton . Three beeps . Additive composition :
L726	So I 'll try and do that . But I want to start with two things that everyone already knows . And the first one , in fact , is something that or our environment or whatever , is uniquely suited to sustain our evolution -- or creation , as it used to be thought -- and our present existence , and most important , our future survival . And the idea there is that outside the spaceship , and inside is all we have , all we depend on . Now , the second thing that everyone already knows is that B. Financial Eligibility A person whose income does not exceed £ 5,000 a year and does not have a capital of more than £ 350 ( these figures are subject to amendment from time to time ) . Can legal aid be obtained for all disputes ? Chairs slid backwards again as the Knight Bus jumped from the Birmingham motorway to a quiet country lane full of hairpin bends . He splashed water on his face , then blotted it , put on the dark glasses and made himself as presentable as possible . Decision of the European Central Bank of 22 April 2004 laying down the measures necessary for the paying - up of the European Central Bank 's capital by the participating national central banks ( ECB/2004/6 )
L727	Decision of the European Central Bank of 22 April 2004 laying down the terms and conditions for transfers of the European Central Bank 's capital shares between the national central banks and for the adjustment of the paid - up capital ( ECB/2004/7 ) Decision of the European Central Bank of 22 April 2004 laying down the measures necessary for the contribution to the European Central Bank 's accumulated equity value , for adjusting the national central banks claims equivalent to the transferred foreign reserve assets , and for related financial issues ( ECB/2004/8 ) Decision of the European Central Bank of 22 April 2004 amending Decision ECB/2001/15 of 6 December 2001 on the issue of euro banknotes ( ECB/2004/9 ) EN Acts whose titles are printed in light type are those relating to day - to - day management of agricultural matters , and are generally valid for a limited period . The titles of all other Acts are printed in bold type and preceded by an asterisk . II Acts whose publication is not obligatory European central bank EN Official Journal of the European Union L 205/1 GUIDELINE OF THE EUROPEAN CENTRAL BANK of 21 April 2004 amending Guideline ECB/2001/3 on a Trans - European Automated Real - time Gross settlement Express Transfer system ( TARGET ) ( ECB/2004/4 ) I could n't see a thing . I just stumbled around the yard , yelling and clawing at my eyes . And then they got all right again , but she was gone .
L728	And I signed you up for it ! You 'll come to my office every day ... but you 'll have your own responsibilities . It 's like a job . No . You can be work buddies ! How long till we go home ? We got here eight minutes ago ! It sounds really great , but ... This is awkward . The value of the normal coefficient of reflection in the ' night' position must be not less than 4 per cent . 6.1.2.2.6 . The reflecting surface must retain the characteristics laid down in paragraph 6.1.2.2.5 in spite of prolonged exposure to adverse weather conditions in normal use . This derogation also applies to the attachments of mirrors ( attachment plates , arms , swivel joints , etc . ) which are situated less than 2 m from the ground and which do not project beyond the overall width of the vehicle , measured in the transverse plane passing through the lowest mirror attachments or any other point forward of this plane if this configuration produces a greater overall width . Where advantage is taken of this derogation , the arm shall be indelibly marked with the symbol and the type - approval certificate shall be endorsed to this effect . 6.1.3.2 .
L729	Impact test The test according to this paragraph is not to be carried out for devices integrated in the bodywork of the vehicle and providing a frontal deflecting area of an angle not more than 45 ° measured in relation to the longitudinal median plane of the vehicle , or devices not protruding more than 100 mm measured beyond the circumscribing bodywork of the vehicle according to Regulation No 26 . 6.1.3.2.1 . The end of the pendulum comprises a hammer formed by a rigid sphere with a diameter of 165 ± 1 mm having a 5 mm thick rubber covering of Shore A hardness 50 . A device is provided which permits determination of the maximum angle assumed by the arm in the plane of release . A support firmly fixed to the structure of the pendulum serves to hold the specimens in compliance with the impact requirements specified in paragraph 6.1.3.2.2.6 . Figure 1 below gives the dimensions ( in mm ) of the test rig and the special design specifications : What now ? " She 's worked this out after she had the answer , Tegger thought . Shut up about your age ! Are you from Liverpool ? Esther ! Thank you so much for coming . Not at all . Is Tommy sitting in ? Mrs Winters . Mrs Prince , I 'm so sorry to have kept you waiting . That 's quite all right . Watch yourself ! You do n't want scalping .
L730	All that ? Wow . Highly unlikely . Let me connect the fucking dots , Santana . Could be entering the wrong shit , Santana . Is that what you 're saying ? Where did you get that theory from ? A unicorn 's ass ? There 's a reason he is who he is . Not some Zulu warlock . You know what you know . Producers may have either one or two individual reference quantities , one for deliveries and the other for sales . A producer 's quantities may be converted from one reference quantity to the other only by the competent authority of the Member State , at the duly justified request of the producer . EN Official Journal of the European Union L 342/60 DECISION OF THE EEA JOINT COMMITTEE No 150/2014 of 27 June 2014 amending Protocol 31 to the EEA Agreement , on cooperation in specific fields outside the four freedoms THE EEA JOINT COMMITTEE , Having regard to the Agreement on the European Economic Area ( ' the EEA Agreement' ) , and in particular Articles 86 and 98 thereof , Whereas : 4 . 1998 . ( 3 ) OJ C 73 , 9 . ( b ) the equipment needed to provide the relevant port service in normal and safe conditions and the capacity to maintain this equipment at the appropriate level ;
L731	The use of the products has been limited to an indication for which gentamicin is considered efficacious on the basis of the data and information available . A harmonised dosing regimen to be used in adult horses is proposed , that conforms to the desired PK / PD characteristics of a concentration - dependent antibiotic and reflects data available in horses . Warning sentences and advice for safe use have been included in the product information , which reflect the lack of target animal safety data in horses and foals . Evaluation of the benefit - risk balance The CVMP considered the benefit - risk balance for injectable veterinary medicinal products containing gentamicin for horses positive for the following indication : The CVMP also considered the benefit - risk balance for injectable veterinary medicinal products containing gentamicin for horses positive when the posology for adult horses ( with appropriate warnings and advice on dosing ) is changed to : " Single dose of 6.6 mg / kg bw given intravenously once daily for 3 - 5 consecutive days . The dosing regimen must not be exceeded . " The CVMP considered the benefit - risk balance for injectable veterinary medicinal products containing gentamicin for horses negative for use in foals . Therefore , the use of the products in foals is not recommended . 69 | Interest income on AFS assets | 41,538,192.56 Richard stood over him warily , but with great and mounting embarrassment .
L732	Wife and children in misery and evicted . Even the fisherman who denounced me is touched . " I did n't know you had done it to feed your family . Forgive me . " Forgive ? European Commission - European Judicial Network - Automatic processing - Community law THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 10 - 12 - 2009 Automatic processing - Community law This page will soon be available in the language requested . « Automatic processing - General information | Community law - General information » Last update : 10 - 12 - 2009 We create products that help and heal . Virtanen is a family . Dana Miller , Lawson 's mistress , was an office romance . It 's not the first time I 've heard Dana Miller 's name . Six months ago , the machine gave me her number . I had yet to track you down , so I was n't in a position to help her . Why not pay her off , Finch ? Lawson is heir to the entire Virtanen empire . If Robert Keller ever found out , Lawson would lose everything .
L733	I do n't like you like that . That 's why it 's perfect . I do n't even know if I find you attractive . That 's cute . Okay , well , do you even find me attractive ? That 's cute . Strictly physical . First time you saw me . Two girls over drinks at Bennigan 's . Go . I liked your eyes . Yeah . I thought you might be a good kisser . I am . The maximum amount for the group under point 4.1 will remain unchanged . [ Withdrawal from object - related aircraft financing ] HSH will withdraw completely from object - related aircraft financing , in accordance with the amended restructuring plan . [ Definition of the aircraft financing business area ] HSH 's aviation division offers aircraft financing solutions worldwide . HSH acts as an arranger and lead bank , particularly in priority asset and project financing . The corporate business division will not provide object - related aircraft financing either in the future . [ Withdrawal from the international real estate business ] HSH will give up international real estate financing in accordance with the amended restructuring plan . [ Downsizing of the ship financing business area ] HSH will cut back its ship financing business , in accordance with the amended restructuring plan . The ' oh ' was because the knocker was Constable Dorfl , the golem .
L734	I was going to send this to all my al - qaedas friends in new york , and this was my big escape plan . Gone . It 's now in their hands , okay ? I - I - I was n't being asshole to you . I think you ... yes , yes , yes , you are . Yes . You locked up us here for years ! For what ? ! To show the world that you are good guy and we are bad guy ? ! Fuck you ! You and america are the bad guy ! You american are the real terrorists ! 25 days ago Tony Stark created and launched a prototype satellite he designed . The Stark Energizer . 23 days ago , Tony Stark addressed the United Nations . By the end of his speech the organization voted to disband leaving Mr Stark in charge . Stark Industries took over all the funcions of the UN . And Iron Man began to send squadrons ... of remotely controlled Iron Man armors . Along with members of the Avengers all around the world . Their mission was to end war . The majority surrendered . Additionally , Stark Industries facilities ... were opened across the globe . Where are the Avengers now ? Yellow Jacket is presently in London . Supervising the european continent . Wasp is in Asia . and the Black Panther ...
L735	Article 8 1 . 1 - Original language : French . " -The strictest confidence . My enemies have agents . " Marty nodded as though he understood . Perhaps Whitehead suspected Luther or Pearl . " These people are responsible for the present fall in my fortunes . It 's all meticulously engineered . " He shrugged , eyes like slits . God , Marty thought , I 'd never want to be on the wrong side of this man . " I do n't fret about these things . But I would n't like to think that my most intimate feelings were available to them . Do you see ? " " They wo n't be . " " No . " Good . Cool . Quiet . That 's ... hilarious . Right over here , please . Get a little mug shot , fingerprints . Trina , you were very lucky . The love spell contained yellow Jasmine , which , uh , is indeed poisonous . Yeah . Look , I know . It was n't working . I believed it was gon na work , and then when it did n't , I ... 15 The Office contends that the Court should : 16 The intervener contends that the Court should : - dismiss the action ; - order the applicant to pay the costs incurred by the intervener .
L736	That fact is known to the target public . Furthermore , according to the applicant , the existence of wineries also marketing table water or mineral water can not be excluded . Finally , it claims that , conversely , the manufacturers of the drinks covered by the trade mark application are also extending their range of products . 19 The applicant also submits that the final products in question are similar . All are drinks for everyday consumption and are sold side by side both in shops and on drinks menus . Advertising for them is similar , usually showing a person who , whilst drinking the beverage concerned , enjoys a moment of happiness . Like sparkling wines , the drinks covered by the trade mark application and , in particular , fruit - based alcoholic drinks , are also drunk on special occasions and , like those drinks , sparkling wines are also drunk with meals . Moreover , many drinks other than wine are sparkling . Finally , the applicant observes that , like sparkling wine , certain non - alcoholic drinks , fruit drinks and other fruit juices may be produced , inter alia , from grapes . Okay ... now let 's do it again . Ready ... go ! Good ! It 's a quiet station down there .
L737	Re : Application for annulment or reduction of the fine imposed on the applicant by Article 2(b ) of Commission Decision C(2003 ) 4820 final of 16 December 2003 relating to a proceeding pursuant to Article 81 [ EC ] and Article 53 of the EEA Agreement ( Case COMP / E-1/38.240 - Industrial tubes ) ; and ( 2 ) Counterclaim by the Commission that the amount of the fine should be increased . You can take this medicine with or without food and drink . Your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . It is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking TESAVEL . Some sort of trick , then ? I 'll go . No . We'il go . Well , they ai n't dressed for ballroom dancing , Chuma . For the church to be buried again . That , and ... He wants Father Francis . So must the boy . Only Cheche has drawn strength from all the evil that has happened . Right . You can tell Sebituana and his friends to disperse quietly and go home ... ... and we'il be the onesdoing the sparing . She smiled tautly . " When ? " " He 's already a liability . No display . Porey will see to the other one - to Emilio Konstantin . Clean wipe , Signy . No refugees from this place . "
L738	" You and Tom , for all your bickering , have done a good job . I was very worried about having Konstantin unaccounted for . You 've done an excellent job . " I knew what you were up to , " she said levelly . " So the comp is already set up that way ; a key signal can scramble it completely . As you wish . Nice ceremony , right ? Excellent . I did n't expect her so young . We ca n't have another day passing by without talking . Finish with Angela , I have proof . For example , at the ceremony I did n't cry , you did . Right . I finally made it . Lydia , trust me , it 's over . I travelled with Angela . The excuse was to write a travel guide . Urinary retention Urinary retention , dysuria and urinary hesitation were reported in controlled clinical studies with retigabine , generally within the first 8 weeks of treatment ( see section 4.8 ) . Go now . ' ' Why are these creatures hunting you , Meneer ? ' he asked . ' I spoke against the King in the temple . I warned the people of coming disasters . ' ' So then they consider you a traitor ? It is not surprising , Meneer Nu . ' I am not versed in the lore of your Bible , Parson . I follow the Law of the One .
L739	As it is , you fled before the law of your King . No true prophet fears the way of kings . Elijah stood against Ahab , Moses against the Pharoahs , Jesus against the Romans . ' When one received partial legal aid with court costs he must pay the rest on his own . It is however important that decision on legal aid does not release the loosing party from paying back the legal proceedings costs incurred by the wining party . Legal aid is governed by Civil Procedure Code , the law on court costs in civil matters and the law on legal aid in civil proceedings before the courts of EU Member States . Can I benefit from legal aid ? Legal aid is available for Polish nationals , citizens of all EU Member States and all natural persons that legal place of residence in one of EU Member States . A natural person can benefit from legal aid providing that he can not afford the costs of legal proceeding without harm to his or his family maitenance . Legal person can benefit from legal aid if it has no recourses to afford the proceeding . When all these conditions are satisfied the court can rule that applicant is entitled to assistance . Some groups are automatically released form all court costs . She 's crazy as a bedbug . My name 's Mack Rattray and this here 's my wife , Denise . Hello . Good evening .
L740	What a bitch . You really think that she 's gon na let him bite her ? You know how many people are having sex with vampires these days ? And sometimes those people disappear . He 's not like that . You spoke to him for , like , a minute . You ignore how many people he sucked the blood out over the last however many centuries he 's been alive . Yeah , but the synthetic blood has everything ... Are you willing to pass up all your favorite foods and spend the rest of your life drinking Slim - Fast ? Oh , boy , have they ever . You 're Nell That 's right . The total cost for wages followed the same trend . However , productivity per worker , although increasing until 2001 , declined in 2002 . The GOI and four exporters submitted that the trends for employment , productivity and wages are not supportive for a finding of material injury in the present case . However , it should be noted , that no such conclusion has been made for employment and productivity . On average per employee , wages even decreased slightly ( see table below ) . IP Index wages per employee 7 .
L741	Magnitude of subsidy and recovery from past subsidisation Given the volume and in particular the prices of the subsidised imports from India , the impact of the actual amount of subsidisation , which is significant , can not be considered to be negligible . In this context the GOI and three exporters submitted that the subsidy margins have been overstated . However , as set out in recitals 153 and 154 above , the investigation has shown that the amount of countervailable subsidies expressed ad valorem for the investigated exporting producers ranges between 25,3 and 35,1 % . This is a clear finding of significant subsidisation . The situation of the Community industry improved in the period considered . However , it did not fully recover from past subsidisation and continues to be weak . Introduction 2.1 The EESC has already adopted several opinions on Galileo ( 1 ) . 2.2 It is important to get Galileo up and running as soon as possible in order that Europe should have its own satellite navigation system like the US , and not be dependent on others to supply these services . 2.3 This will increase security from a national point of view , and provide income from a commercial point of view . This should enable commercialisation , and produce a valuable source of revenue . Article 11 Special accounts in the Community registry 1 .
L742	In the light of the judgment of the Court of Justice of 6 May 2008 in Case C-133/06 , it was considered necessary to redraft Article 6(2 ) of the proposed codified text . Since such a redrafting would imply a substantive change , and would therefore go beyond straightforward codification , it was considered necessary that point 8 [ 4 ] of the Interinstitutional Agreement of 20 December 1994 - Accelerated working method for official codification of legislative texts - be applied , in the light of the Joint declaration on that point [ 5 ] . looks like I 'll get to write this year 's off As a business trip . Uh , jeff said you wanted to see me ? I did , I did , yeah . I must have seen it like ten times . 12 . Yeah , I ca n't get enough of french new wave . It 's not just the cinema , it 's the people and the culture . Right ? Uh , boy ... Sadly , too many of my colleagues think that burbank Is the center of the world . Please , have a seat , get situated . That weapon , you ask ... Is me ! At this time yesterday , I was a pathetic weakling . These bikini babes would n't even spit on me . Why did n't you tell me ?
L743	Why did you do it you 're a nice man you 're not that smart or good - looking , but you 're nice look , what are you talking about ? How did you end up here ? I asked directions that 's not what I mean I meant , why are you here ? so you do n't know how to contact the thief ? let 's just go to the police and explain everything why do you keep saying ' we ? ' Go to the station and explain it why run away ? I do n't have time going to the station and explaining it all and being dragged from here to there I do n't have time for that are you so busy ? You do n't seem so busy to me could I stay at your home a few days ? Nah , it 'll just be a nuisance no , it 's not that ... I 'm fine ... I worry you might be uncomfortable ... whatever you want this room 's for sleeping ? Right , baby ? Captain hero and I battled all sorts of evil villains . Like the gigantic midget . You 've never faced a midget as big as me . Senor eskimo goldberg . But then I started to suspect That captain hero wanted me to be more like captain girl . You know , when captain girl danced for me ,
L744	| ex Chapter 79 | Zinc and articles thereof ; except for : | Manufacture : - from materials of any heading , except that of the product , and - in which the value of all the materials used does not exceed 50 % of the ex - works price of the product | 7901 | Unwrought zinc | Manufacture from materials of any heading , except that of the product . For these purposes , the Commission requested companies to provide information concerning production and sales for the product concerned . Council Regulation ( EC ) No 603/95 of 21 February 1995 on the common organisation of the market in dried fodder ( OJ L 63 , 21.3.1995 , p. 1 ) , repealed by Regulation ( EC ) No 1786/2003 ( OJ L 270 , 21.10.2003 , p. 114 ) . Council Regulation ( EC ) No 3072/95 of 22 December 1995 on the common organisation of the market in rice ( OJ L 329 , 30.12.1995 , p. 18 ) , repealed by Regulation ( EC ) No 1785/2003 ( OJ L 270 , 21.10.2003 , p. 96 ) . Mi - sook , it 's you ! Jin - sung would be alive if I had cut it down that day . If you had n't stopped me , Jin - sung would be alive . It 's not true ! You wanted to forget all about it that much ? Is this how you wipe your memory out ?
L745	Those are the gates to the square . Good . Reiben , where 's the captain from ? 300 bucks , last I heard . 5 bucks gets you in . Easy . It 's around this corner . Somebody must know where he 's from , what he did for a living . The Parties shall endeavour to create conditions favourable to the promotion of relations between enterprises from the Parties in the technical , economic and commercial spheres , by encouraging the establishment of an environment favourable to the development of business and investment . You 're not done yet . Where are you ? Come on . ( RINGING ) B.B. ! Take Payne alive if there 's anything left . Now , now , baby . Does anyone copy ? " the radio squawked . Coffey spun around and jabbed the radio with his finger . " Garcia ! What 's going on ? " " Nothing , sir , except the power 's still out . But I have Tom Allen here . " Put him on , then . " " This is Allen . We 're getting a little concerned in here , Mr. Coffey . There 's nothing we can do until pow­er 's restored . The batteries are failing on Garcia 's trans­mitter , and we 've been keeping it off to conserve juice . We 'd like you to get us out . " James , where are your cleaning supplies ?
L746	Add some flammable household cleaner to the condensation pan ... and your A. C. Unit will pump out fire instead of cold air . You 're running out of time , Cole ! Keep your heads down until the shooting stops . Go ! You 'll only get one shot . You get 'em in the alley . I 'll make it count . Thank you , Michael . Yeah , I am . Guess you were right about me . You know , I hear Antigua 's really nice this time of year . And then we were supposed to , uh , meet up in the Everglades . Anyway , I got to assume at this point , you know , they 've made it to the Keys and they 're already wheels up , or whatever it is that -- - A trigger - happy girlfriend ... Should we shoot them ? Bottom line . As long as you 're burned , you 're not going anywhere . Sam ? In any kind of emergency situation ... an operative 's greatest enemy is panic . In those moments , it takes all your training ... all your willpower to pull yourself back from the brink . Sam ! I ca n't wake him up , Fi . We 'll be at Jed 's in two minutes . Go , Fi ! Go ! - Everyone out !
L747	No , do n't bother . Take care of it tomorrow . I love you , Tim . A fireplace . I 've always wanted one . It would be nice in winter . It 's so dull out there . Who you grounding , fat boy ? You grounding me ? Go , please . Blue team , you finally did it . We got it . Yeah . That felt great . This falls on the meat station . And I 'm not saying you . Fine , then I 'll go up . Elise is right . Carrie needs to go home . Elise , you 're gon na blame me anyway . I called it . I said if Carrie 's on meat , we 're . I got frazzled . I admit I up with the raw lamb . You 're kidding , right ? Do n't do this ... have mercy ... Evening . Henry , how are you ? Hey , boy . so why do n't you go on in and I 'll catch up . OK , do n't be too long . Take care , Professor Harper . I think he 's why my wife left me . Your wife ? Yeah . She 's with some visiting professor in the Physics Department . Good evening . You 're holding a parcel for me . Thank you . Do you think you can lose that kind of money and no one would notice ?
L748	You'il have it tomorrow . I would take a hand for this betrayal , but you need it to play cards . Go to the room . Wait for me there . Stairs . You should find a new boyfriend . Go find Mathis . Tell him I 've hidden the bodies here and I want him to get rid of them . You changed your shirt , Mr. Bond . Everybody Mental health MH1a Extent of having little interest or pleasure in doing things over the last 2 weeks Not at all Several days More than half the days Nearly every day missing ( do n't know , refusal ) Everybody MH1b Extent of feeling down , depressed or hopeless over the last 2 weeks Not at all Several days More than half the days Nearly every day missing ( do n't know , refusal ) Everybody MH1c Extent of having trouble falling or staying asleep , or sleeping too much over the last 2 weeks Not at all Several days More than half the days Nearly every day missing ( do n't know , refusal ) Everybody MH1d Extent of feeling tired or having little energy over the last 2 weeks Not at all Several days More than half the days Nearly every day missing ( do n't know , refusal )
L749	Did Liam ask to come out ? He 's not thinking straight . He just wants the take down . What does he know ? He knows that we 're close . So do I , and so do you . Killian is a stone - cold killer . He has shown that . We throw this kid into the lion 's den , and if it goes south ... Jarek , this could get us everything we have been working for . Everything . Territorial jurisdiction is subject to the principle of perpetuatio fori ( § 11(1 ) of the Code of Civil Procedure ) , i.e. for the purposes of determining which court has jurisdiction , the circumstances prevailing at the time when the proceedings begin are relevant . The law , however , lays down exceptions to this principle . Jurisdiction is transferred from a territorial point of view only in proceedings which last for longer on account of the nature of the case ( e.g. judicial care of minors , commercial register ) . Exceptions to the basic rule a ) When can I choose between the court in the place where the defendant lives ( court determined by the application of the basic rule ) and another court ? This involves specific discretionary territorial jurisdiction when the plaintiff may choose between an ordinary court and the courts referred to in § 87 of the Code of Civil Procedure .
L750	Where the exclusive territorial jurisdiction laid down in § 88 of the Code of Civil Procedure applies , action can not be brought before the party 's ordinary court ; the case must be heard in the court specified under that provision . For example , in proceedings involving divorce or marriage annulment , the competent court is the court in whose area the spouses had their last common domicile in the Czech Republic and if at least one of them is domiciled in this area and there is no such court , the court of the defendant or the ordinary court of the plaintiff is competent . The court which ruled on the divorce also rules on the settlement of the joint assets of the spouses and on the termination of any joint lease on a flat or house . In the case of guardianship of a minor , the competent court from a territorial point of view is that in whose area the minor has his domicile on the basis of a parental agreement or court decision or other decisive facts . c ) Can the parties themselves attribute jurisdiction to a court that would not be competent otherwise ? Okay . Thank you , baby . I am terribly sorry . I got ta go . I understand . Hey , little man . Daddy 's got to get going , but I 'll see you later on , okay ? Sorry about all the noise . Go to Mommy .
L751	So sorry I 'm late . What is that ? Double shot Americano . No cream , no sugar . The way you like it . Oh , I almost forgot . I noticed you like to chew them when you get nervous . Hey , gang . Hey , hey , hey . What 's going on ? Thanks for joining us , gentlemen . I 'm sure you 've all guessed that the CIA is not interested in stealing the Mask of Alexander . We believe that this artifact and possibly others , are being used to smuggle items through Customs . Items of interest to the Ring . That is not running The precise extent of the problem , and the added value of an extension of a country of origin principle , need to be assessed . Other questions relating to the level of protection of rightholders and the need for further harmonisation should also be examined . Reasons for the fact that , more than fifteen years after the application of the relevant Directive , this approach does not seem to have led to a broad emergence of pan - European satellite broadcasting services also need to be considered.55 The Commission undertook in the " IPR Strategy " to examine the more far - reaching approach of the creation of a comprehensive unitary European Copyright Code .
L752	It is not . How can you testify about what was going on in the administration ... if you were not there ? I had many friends in the legal administration . There were journals and books . From journals and books ? I see . You referred to : " among them sexual sterilization . " Are you aware that sexual sterilization was not invented by National Socialism ... but had been advanced for years before as a weapon ... in dealing with the mentally incompetent and the criminal ? Yes . I am aware of that . Are you aware that it has advocates among leading citizens in other countries ? I am not an expert on such laws . But I should n't have . I slipped . Once . Not that you could exactly . What is wrong with you ? What is wrong with you and Ben ? I 'm not interested in Ricky . 66 . ( 18 ) OJ L 124 , 20.5.2003 , p. 36 .' ; ( 19 ) OJ L 95 , 21.4.1993 , p. 29 .' . When you have someone . It 's more complicated with me . It 's not like everyone at the post - office . [ 69 ] See Introductory Note 6 . [ 70 ] For special conditions relating to products made of a mixture of textile materials , see Introductory Note 5 . [ 71 ] See Introductory Note 6 .
L753	[ 72 ] See Introductory Note 6 . [ 74 ] See Introductory Note 6 . [ 75 ] See Introductory Note 6 . [ 76 ] See Introductory Note 6 . [ 78 ] See Introductory Note 6 . [ 79 ] For knitted or crocheted articles , not elastic or rubberised , obtained by sewing or assembling pieces of knitted or crocheted fabrics ( cut out or knitted directly to shape ) , see Introductory Note 6 . [ 80 ] See Introductory Note 6 . [ 81 ] For knitted or crocheted articles , not elastic or rubberised , obtained by sewing or assembling pieces of knitted or crocheted fabrics ( cut out or knitted directly to shape ) , see Introductory Note 6 . [ 82 ] For special conditions relating to products made of a mixture of textile materials , see Introductory Note 5 . Engaging metaphasic shield now . Down to 7,000 degrees . The Borg ship has halted pursuit . All stop . The Borg ship is taking up position relative to ours . They 're waiting for us to come out . Well , I 've done everything Geordi told me . Now to activate it . How will we know if it reboots Data 's ethical program ? Wo n't he realise something 's up ? Any translation made under this Regulation shall be done by a person qualified to do translations in one of the Member States .
L754	The choice must be expressed or demonstrated with reasonable certainty by the terms of the contract or the circumstances of the case . Special provisions apply to consumer contracts ( Article 5 ) and individual employment contracts ( Article 6 ) , with the aim of protecting the party assumed to be the weaker . In the absence of a law declared applicable by the parties , sales are governed by the domestic law of the country in which the seller was habitually resident when he received the order ( Article 3 ) . The law applicable to the contract traditionally determines : the substantive conditions of validity of the contract ( with the exception of capacity ) and , possibly , formal requirements;the effects of the contract ( interpretation , fulfilment of obligations , consequences of total or partial non - fulfilment , assessment of damages ) ; grounds for extinguishing the parties ' obligations . III.2 .
L755	Offline rules turned on Delegates Delegate Permissions Account Security Information Contacts for Note Import Addresses Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market ( Trade Marks and Designs ) ( represented by : K. Klüpfel and D. Walicka , Agents ) Other party to the proceedings before the Board of Appeal of OHIM , intervener before the General Court : Lactimilk , SA ( Madrid , Spain ) ( represented by : P. Casamitjana Lleonart , lawyer ) EUR - Lex - 31990L0425 - EN Avis juridique important 31990L0425 Council Directive 90/425/EEC of 26 June 1990 concerning veterinary and zootechnical checks applicable in intra- Community trade in certain live animals and products with a view to the completion of the internal market Official Journal L 224 , 18/08/1990 P. The label must bear the wording ' Riso Nano Vialone Veronese IGP' . The logo consists of a representation in white of Cangrande della Scala on a horse , a yellow rice panicle on a black background ; the bottom of the logo features a picture of the arms of Verona , with a red ladder on a yellow background . [ 85 ] Outputs are products and services to be supplied ( e.g. : number of student exchanges financed , number of km of roads built , etc . ) . Everolimus Ticagrelor Not studied . Co - administration with boosted PREZISTA may lead to a substantial increase in exposure to ticagrelor . No . You see , Father ? They 're not leaving .
L756	To be clear , we 're not looking for a subject with superior intelligence . In fact , the complete opposite would be , um , uh , preferable . Excuse me for a minute . That 's a ... sorry . What are you doing ? CHARLIE : I was gon na bash your rat and take care of your rat problem . Oh , no , no , no , no , please , please , this is , this is our lab rat . His name 's Armitage Shanks . And since we 've been feeding Armitage a cerebral enhancement formula , he 's been solving these mazes seven times faster . We 'd like to try a formula out on a human subject . What would you think about something like that ? A pill that could make you seven times smarter . Cheese , huh ? Shit ! What 's your name , young man ? Is that all you 've got ? No ! Corporal Benedict . Corporal Benedict ! Dirk , have I ever told you I love you , man ? We all love you . What ? It 's so soft , sir . Have you felt the helmets ? Rub your helmet with me , it 's so soft . You fucking fruitcake ! What was that ? Okay , Chuck .
L757	Member States are hereby authorized to provide , subject to the conditions laid down in paragraph 2 , for a derogation from Articles 7 ( 2 ) and 12 ( 1 ) ( b ) of Directive 77/93/EEC , in respect of coniferous wood originating in Canada which has undergone the proper heat treatment . Paragraphs 68 and 71 are amended . Paragraph 139C is added . Statement of financial position Current assets The operating cycle of an entity is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realisation in cash or cash equivalents . When the entity 's normal operating cycle is not clearly identifiable , it is assumed to be 12 months . Current assets also include assets held primarily for the purpose of trading ( examples include some financial assets classified as held for trading in accordance with IAS 39 ) and the current portion of non - current financial assets . Current liabilities Other current liabilities are not settled as part of the normal operating cycle , but are due for settlement within 12 months after the reporting period or held primarily for the purpose of trading . Examples are some financial liabilities classified as held for trading in accordance with IAS 39 , bank overdrafts , and the current portion of non - current financial liabilities , dividends payable , income taxes and other non - trade payables .
L758	Financial liabilities that provide financing on a long - term basis ( ie are not part of the working capital used in the entity 's normal operating cycle ) and are not due for settlement within 12 months after the reporting period are non - current liabilities , subject to paragraphs 74 and 75 . TRANSITION AND EFFECTIVE DATE 139C Paragraphs 68 and 71 were amended by Improvements to IFRSs issued in May 2008 . An entity shall apply those amendments for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2009 . If an entity applies the amendments for an earlier period it shall disclose that fact . Amendments to International Accounting Standard 16 Property , Plant and Equipment Paragraphs 6 and 69 are amended . Talk ? What do you mean ? The principle of fiscal territoriality in international tax law is not defined , although it has been recognised by the Court . " That 's too similar . " I 'm like : " No , a cupcake is a cupcake . A cake pop is cake with a stick in it . " We are grown women and we 're fighting about cake pops . Hey , Eva . Nice to see you . Come on up . How 's everything ? To a party with Sarah and Will , so they do n't have to be alone . 87 . ( 3 ) OJ L 126 , 12.5.1984 , p. 20 . ( 4 ) Constitutional requirements indicated .
L759	EN Official Journal of the European Union L 89/40 DECISION OF THE EEA JOINT COMMITTEE No 161/2006 of 8 December 2006 amending Protocol 47 to the EEA Agreement on the abolition of technical barriers to trade in wine THE EEA JOINT COMMITTEE , Having regard to the Agreement on the European Economic Area , as amended by the Protocol adjusting the Agreement on the European Economic Area , hereinafter referred to as ' the Agreement' , and in particular Article 98 thereof , Whereas : Protocol 47 to the Agreement was amended by Decision of the EEA Joint Committee No 128/2006 of 22 September 2006 ( 1 ) . Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 643/2006 of 27 April 2006 amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1622/2000 laying down certain detailed rules for implementing Regulation ( EC ) No 1493/1999 on the common organisation of the market in wine and establishing a Community code of oenological practices and processes , and Regulation ( EC ) No 884/2001 laying down detailed rules of application concerning the documents accompanying the carriage of wine products and the records to be kept in the wine sector ( 2 ) is to be incorporated into the Agreement , HAS DECIDED AS FOLLOWS : It shall apply from 1 October 2011 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 17 October 2011 . Let 's go . What ? What 's in it for me ?
L760	For each operational programme , the Member State appoints : a managing authority ( a national , regional or local public authority or public / private body to manage the operational programme ) ; a certification body ( a national , regional or local public authority or body to certify the statement of expenditure and the payment applications before their transmission to the Commission ) ; an auditing body ( a national , regional or local public authority or body for each operational programme to oversee the efficient running of the management and monitoring system ) . New rules to simplify the financial management of the funds One programme = one fund From this , the ERDF and the ESF can each finance in a complementary and limited fashion actions falling within the scope of the assistance of another fund ( this is limited to no more than 10 % of the resources allocated by the Community to each priority area of an operational programme ) The exception to this rule is that the ERDF and the Cohesion Fund intervene jointly for programmes covering infrastructure and environment . Commitments Budgetary commitments relating to the operational programmes are made per annual proportion , for each fund and each objective . The Commission commits the first annual proportion before the adoption of the operational programme . Automatic decommitment :
L761	From now onwards the funds must target the priorities of the European Union regarding the promotion of competitiveness and job creation ( Lisbon strategy ) . The Commission and the Member States oversee that 60 % of the expenditure of all Member States for Convergence and 75 % of the expenditure for Competitiveness and Employment target these priorities . Trends are particularly negative outside protected areas . 2.7 The Commission discusses the initial findings of the study on The Economics of Ecosystems and Biodiversity ( TEEB ) ( 2 ) ( the Sukhdev Report ) . ' This loss of biodiversity and ecosystems is a threat to the functioning of the planet , our economy and human society .
L762	B. STEEL RESTRUCTURING Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe , Part III , Title III , Chapter I , Section 5 , Rules on competition Notwithstanding Articles III-167 and III-168 of the Constitution , State aid granted by Romania for restructuring purposes to specified parts of the Romanian steel industry from 1993 to 2004 shall be deemed to be compatible with the common market provided that : the period provided for in Article 9(4 ) of Protocol 2 on ECSC products to the Europe Agreement establishing an association between the European Communities and their Member States , of the one part , and Romania , of the other part ( 8 ) , has been extended until 31 December 2005 , the terms set out in the national restructuring programme and the individual business plans on the basis of which the abovementioned Protocol was extended are adhered to throughout the period 2002 - 2008 , the conditions set out in these provisions and in Appendix A are met , no State aid in any form is granted or paid to the steel mills covered by the national restructuring programme from 1 January 2005 to 31 December 2008 , the end of the restructuring period , and no State aid for restructuring is granted or paid to the Romanian steel sector after 31 December 2004 .
L763	You did n't expect it to feel like that , did you ? You do n't know what I was expecting . Who 's Gevitsky , Nina ? Is he your uncle ? My uncle will be fine . Nothing will happen to him as long as he tells the truth . Right . You really believe that ? I know it . Empties the selection Turns on whole word searching Turns on case preservation when replacing text Turns off case preservation when replacing text Turns on whitespace display Turns off whitespace display Turns on overtype mode Turns off overtype mode Fetch buffer can not hold the fetch data . End of recordset was reached . A record was deleted . She really left . No problem , roomie . Can I ask you a question ? What the hell is that dog doing here ? This is n't exactly the kind of Thanksgiving you planned ... ... but for me this has been really great , you know ? I was just thinking , if you 'd gone to Vail ... ... or if you guys had been with your family , or if you did n't have ... ... syphilis and stuff ... ... we would n't be all together , you know ? So I guess what I 'm trying to say ... ... is that I 'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked . RACHEL : You ca n't move . You just ... You just ca n't .
L764	They do n't make me feel so good . Yeah . So do n't move , okay ? Just stay here ... ... and maybe close your blinds at night . - Hey . | Number 1a We ca n't hold up any longer , chief . Commission and the L3 Committees , estimates and calculations ANNEX 2 Applied methodology and main underlying assumptions for the financial model of the Authority The cost of setting up the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority has been estimated according to three cost categories : the staff costs , the infrastructure costs and the operations costs , in line with the general cost classification used in accounts of the existing EU regulatory agencies . The total costs of creating the EIOPA has been estimated at about 10.587 million Euro in the first year of operations ( 2011 ) , reaching 16.998 million Euro after two years ( 2013 ) - see Annex 1 . Hello , this is Bryce 's house . Please do n't answer my phone . They were ringing . They 'll do that . Sit down . Put all calls through to the Denver office . Aspen just brings out the best in people . Interactive map That 's where you come in . There 's a poster in Alison 's room , some French thing with twins . ARIA : ( on answering machine ) Hi , it 's Aria , leave a message . Hey , Aria .
L765	I know it 's early , but something 's been going on and I really have to tell somebody about it . I really have to tell you about it , but if I 'm right then , then that would just break your heart , and if I 'm wrong then you 're gon na hate me forever . And that would really , really break my heart . So ... if you could just ... give me a call when you get this message ... Regulation ( EC ) No 767/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 9 July 2008 , concerning the Visa Information System ( VIS ) and the exchange of data between Member States on short - stay visas ( VIS Regulation ) ( OJ L 218 , 13.8.2008 , p. 60 ) . Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1104/2008 of 24 October 2008 on migration from the Schengen Information System ( SIS 1 + ) to the second generation Schengen Information System ( SIS II ) ( OJ L 299 , 8.11.2008 , p. 1 ) . It 's awesome . Trust me . " He frowned , then smiled , then tried to do both at once , failed , grasped hold of his fur hat and rolled it fitfully round the top of his head . He could only assume that he had just won .
L766	Somebody 's got to lie in front of the bulldozers have n't they ? Or there wo n't be anything to stop them driving into Mr Dent 's house will there ? " " What ? " said Mr Prosser again . I think you think you do n't . But we both know ... you do . We came to worship you . He followed us and ... Of course not , that 's ... that 's ridiculous . I 've been stranded on a strange planet for years . I have n't been avoiding you . Wait ! Fine . My word as president . No . Only ... ... what does Zaphod Beeblebrox treasure ? Settings and Themes > General . No , we ca n't . My life has been twisted beyond recognition . I mean , look at me , Charlie . I 'm a ... I 'm a broke , hopelessly neurotic , middle - aged man ... ... who does n't know who he is or where he belongs . No wife , no home , nothing . I said I was sorry . L ... Thought I 'd visit . - Why ? And I was hoping we could talk . - About ? You know how the other night at dinner ... ... we were talking about the Silly Putty deal ? First the embarrassment ... ... of people thinking that I 'd spawned a petty thief .
L767	The backs of children . He 's just pissed at himself . Well , the old dude saved his ass in Khe Sanh . We'il find them . Hey , you call Trammel ? Trammel called us , looking for Clay . I just do . I do n't get why he 's so obsessed with your dark magic . He 's just trying to help me understand it . Why ? You or your powers ? That 's all I 'm saying . That 's who he is . You do n't really know him . Hey . Test sample Take a quantity of fertiliser weighing between 2 and 10 g depending on the declared content of element in the product . Producers and processors of ' Cipolla Rossa di Tropea Calabria ' and the land parcels on which it is grown are entered in registers managed by the inspection body . The most recent meteoric anomaly was the Tunguska blast in Russia in 1917 . But they face enormous challenges and an uneven playing field . No , George , please . Please . No , madam . Possibly , madam . No ! Come , madam . Let me show Your Majesty where they have lodged us . Are you familiar with His Majesty 's condition ? I have spent a lifetime studying the anfractuosities of the human understanding . An ... what ? Yes . That could be arranged , could n't it ?
L768	It found , first , that in order for a claim to entitlement to the protection of legitimate expectations to be well founded , three conditions must be satisfied : first , specific , unconditional and consistent assurances must be given by authorised and reliable sources ; second , those assurances must be such as to create a legitimate expectation in the mind of the person to whom they are addressed ; and , third , the assurances must comply with the applicable rules . a ) The sixth ground of appeal , alleging infringement of the principles of legitimate expectations and legal certainty 163 . In its sixth ground , the appellant refers to paragraph 90 of the judgment under appeal . At that paragraph , the Court of First Instance held that the third condition for establishing the existence of legitimate expectations ( assurances which comply with the applicable rules ) was not satisfied , because any assurances given by the Commission would have been at odds with the applicable provisions . Micrographix Draw File Microsoft AVI Files Microsoft Backup File Microsoft Common Console Document Microsoft DirectInput Device Object Microsoft DirectInput Object Microsoft Wave File Microsoft Windows Network shell extensions MIDI Sequence MS - DOS Application MS - DOS Batch File Repair Install to Network Apply Patch ( b ) verification of the engine power of fishing vessels ; ( c ) verification of the tonnage of fishing vessels ;
L769	" Orrie , " he said . Yes . Tristan ... is back . You know ? How do you know ? I saw him . He had the audacity to come here just to see you ? He wanted to see you , but thought you 'd get upset . Hey , what is taking you girls so long ? Now the fun begins . Testing . Test concentrations Normally five concentrations of the test substance are required , regardless of the test design ( see Section 1.7.2 ) . Prior knowledge of the toxicity of the test substance ( e.g. from an acute test and/or from range - finding studies ) should help in selecting appropriate test concentrations . Justification should be given if fewer than five concentrations are used . The highest tested concentration should not exceed the substance solubility limit in water . Where a solubilising agent is used to assist in stock solution preparation , its final concentration should not be greater than 0,1 ml / l and should preferably be the same in all test vessels ( see Section 1.6.3 ) . You know , it should be , but actually , I 'm glad . I had nothing to live for before . I was broke ... ... I had a humiliating job ... ... and I think my girlfriend was cheating on me . Strip naked and get on the probulator .
L770	Interesting . Your DNA test shows one living relative . He 's your great great great great great nephew . Great ! Professor Hubert Farnsworth . I 'm the luckiest guy in the whole future . What if I refuse ? You 're fired . Fine . - Out of a cannon into the sun . You drop your rifle in a firefight , you die , Tatum ! Lives depend on it . How you doing , John ? Man : Lend him a hand . Come on , move it . V.I.P. On deck . It 's John Basilone . Michael ! Today at lunchtime we 're going to be playing the warehouse staff in a friendly little game of basketball . My idea . The last time I was down there I noticed they put up a couple of hoops . I think I should be on the team . No . And that 's not me being mean Dwight , Oh please . I can handle that . Good . Excellent , it 'll be fun , - Yeah . because corporate wants somebody to be here on Saturday , so we 're going to have to have a couple of people coming in on the weekends , and I know nobody 's going to want to do it , everybody 's going to complain and bitch and , I do n't want to have to deal with that . Assistant to the regional manager . Same thing .
L771	The Commission shall , within three years of the date referred to in Article 16(1 ) , submit a report to the European Parliament and to the Council , evaluating the impact of the variety of cost recovery systems adopted in accordance with paragraph 2 on the marine environment and waste flow patterns . This report shall be drawn up in liaison with the competent authorities of the Member States and representatives of ports . Article 9 Exemptions 1 . When ships are engaged in scheduled traffic with frequent and regular port calls and there is sufficient evidence of an arrangement to ensure the delivery of ship - generated waste and payment of fees in a port along the ship 's route , Member States of the ports involved may exempt these ships from the obligations in Article 6 , Article 7(1 ) and Article 8 . Presuntos consist of hind legs severed at the level of the pig 's ischio - pubic symphysis , while paletas are made from its forelegs . Shape and appearance : while the cut may be anything from being lengthwise and elongated to round , the outer skin and hoof are present in both cases . Weight : in excess of 5 kg in the case of the presunto , and in excess of 3,5 kg in the case of the paleta .
L772	Just one good spree for myself and the missus , giving pleasure to ourselves and employment to others , and satisfaction to you to think it 's not been throwed away . HIGGINS [ taking out his pocket book and coming between Doolittle and the piano ] This is irresistible . The proposed Regulation meets these requirements and the Council 's clear willingness to avoid any organisational overlap , which would be both pointless and costly , must be welcomed . With regard to another legal aspect , which is not directly related to the Regulation in question , the Council should consider the issue of the launching States ' international liability for the satellites in the GALILEO constellation . Subject : More than 200 million unemployed Answer from the Commission ( 7 April 2011 ) E-001435/11 ( EN ) Proinsias De Rossa ( S&D ) to the Commission ( 17 February 2011 ) Member States shall ensure that the statutory auditor or the audit firm keeps records of any breaches of the provisions of this Directive and , where applicable , of Regulation ( EU ) No 537/2014 . Member States may exempt statutory auditors and audit firms from this obligation with regard to minor breaches . Statutory auditors and audit firms shall also keep records of any consequence of any breach , including the measures taken to address such breach and to modify their internal quality control system .
L773	They shall prepare an annual report containing an overview of any such measures taken and shall communicate that report internally . When a statutory auditor or an audit firm asks external experts for advice , he , she or it shall document the request made and the advice received . Most people have to pay for such a thing . See , I recommend ... Sure ? I 'm pretty sure I fixed it . Well , obviously you did n't ! We could lose them in the atmosphere . Ohh ! I really should get going . Why ? Oh , I 'm sorry , something came up . Oh , the kids , yeah . Oh . Well , she can join us . Well , no , I promised to meet her in the city . Bye . So I finished the new draft . The Agency shall inform the applicant of the fee payable under Article 80(1)(a ) of Regulation ( EU ) No 528/2012 , and shall reject the application if the applicant fails to pay the fee within 30 days . STATEMENT OF ACTIVE SUBSTANCE(S ) Each tablet contains sitagliptin phosphate monohydrate equivalent to 100 mg of sitagliptin . SMIRNOV , Vladimir Igorevich , son of No 1 and " Chairman of the State Customs Committee " , born on 3 April 1961 in Kupiansk , Kharkovskaya Oblast or Novaya Kakhovka , Khersonskaya Oblast , Ukraine , Russian passport No 50No00337016 .
L774	KAMINSKY , Anatoly Vladimirovich , " Vice - Chairman of the Supreme Soviet " , born on 15 March 1950 in Chita , Russian Federation , old Soviet passport No A25056238 . SHEVCHUK , Evgheny Vassilyevich , " Chairman of the Supreme Soviet " , born on 19 June 1968 in Ribnitsa , Republic of Moldova , Russian passport No 51No3116878 . ( 18 ) OJ C 24 , 28.1.2012 , p.99 . Please do n't kill them ! It must be a ghost . Let 's look , it 's fun . Nothing ? Soldiers , guard this thing ! We 've got to keep going . Fully armed and ready . Mother and Father and Sister of Mine , prepare the armaments . I doubt that England is ready for this . And counting down . Here we are . It should be empty . But who lives here ? If I 'm right ... no - one . Why not ? You 're new , too . For a brief spell . He just up and left his shop ? No , he disappeared . Disappeared ? The way people disappear here . I 'd better not say any more . Mojn . Mojn . We have reserved seats here . I 'm the new marshal so I just want a soda .
L775	Get the bajazzo out of here ! But he ... I said , get him out of here ! Who brought this ? You think I want to open a drugstore or what ? How many times have I told you I 'm not interested in that kind of crap ! Never a bad day ! He had red hair and freckles ? Never saw his pubes . It was a vial of semen . So come on , what happened ? Five minutes later , it was over . I barely felt a thing . You wish . I 'll be in the back , legs over my head . You had your chance ! What ? It 's just weird . Who is this guy she was with anyway ? Welcome to Single Mothers and Proud . 1 . Complainant The complaint was lodged by Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. ( hereinafter ' Philips' ) . Philips invented some of the core technologies for recordable compact discs ( hereinafter ' CD - Rs' ) and holds a number of patents in respect of these technologies . The complaint alleges that the Separate customs territory of Taiwan , Penghu , Kinmen and Matsu ( hereinafter referred to as ' Chinese Taipei' ) has illegally granted compulsory licences in respect of those patents . Philips is a Community enterprise within the meaning of Articles 4(1 ) and 2(6 ) of the Regulation . Article 7 1 . Yeah . Bro , what 's up ?
L776	Who is this ? From the SAT thing . Give it to me . Well , Roy , this is our dinner time . Wedon't interrupt your dinner time , do we ? Well , I do n't have dinner time . Well , I am at this time assisting him in his SAT exam preparations . And I was wondering if he could possibly pick me up this evening , as I am currently without transportation . There 's hope for you yet , Roy . What 's it matter ? That 's my point exactly . Why not just put it where I wanted ? We all got to just take it . Tough day ? Can I give that work card back ? No refunds . Sorry . Uh ... do n't suppose you 'd care to have dinner tonight with me . I 'm sorry . I already have plans . Miss Rizzo . Deputy . Such accession shall have effect only as regards the relations between the acceding State and those Contracting States which have not raised an objection to its accession in the 12 months after the date of the notification referred to in Article 65 . Such an objection may also be raised by States at the time when they ratify , accept or approve the Convention after an accession . Any such objection shall be notified to the depositary . Article 59 Regional Economic Integration Organisations 1 .
L777	No , no , you can go home tomorrow . Hello , Gylfi . He has been expelled from school . Since Member States are not released from their obligation to implement a directive by entrusting powers to the social partners , the crucial factor in the present case is whether the parties to the collective agreement carried out an appraisal before the expiry of the implementation period which satisfies the conditions laid down in the first subparagraph of Article 6(1 ) of the directive . It is not absolutely necessary , however , that the parties to the collective agreement carried out such an appraisal consciously having regard to Article 6(1 ) of the directive . It is sufficient if that appraisal substantively satisfies the conditions laid down in Article 6(1 ) of the directive . I think no . I think so . I will die soon . They will not die for many years . Not yet , unless ... Yes , I 'm afraid I still do n't . None of us do . Uh huh . No , what 's the good news , doctor ? Rachel has been found . She 's here . Safe and sound .
L778	The standard import value is calculated each working day , in accordance with Article 136(1 ) of Implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 543/2011 , taking into account variable daily data . Therefore this Regulation should enter into force on the day of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION : Article 1 The standard import values referred to in Article 136 of Implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 543/2011 are fixed in the Annex to this Regulation . Done at Brussels , 23 July 2014 . Has anybody checked the coins ? I have everything I need . Thank you . Hello ? Can you look at me when I 'm talking to you ? My name is Burrows and ... Are you all right ? Just a little light - headed . And , uh , you are here only to observe . So if you get another theory about our client 's liability ... People think motive analysis is unimaginative . It 's actually the opposite . Who ... is in fact ... your daddy ? An engine conforming to the engine type or , in case of an engine family , to the parent engine characteristics described in the information folder shall be made available to the technical service responsible for conducting the approval tests . Comments and conclusions The EESC agrees with the main comments set out in the report .
L779	Politically , environmentally , and socio - economically , the macro - regional approach could be a useful instrument for strengthening cooperation between European states / regions , mitigating nationalist tendencies through greater social consensus , mutual respect and acceptance and helping to achieve EU 2020 objectives with European added value for interest groups . Macro - regional strategies can be useful tools for bridging the gaps in communication and public information . Macro - regional cooperation on an equal footing is a new feature of European policy . The new projects and initiatives , together with a joint approach and successes which go beyond mere impressions , justify the efforts made by economic and social stakeholders in the regions concerned . ( 41 ) Thus , an analysis of the action to set aside in German law offers sufficient reasons to rely on Gourdain and to establish which regulation contains the rule of jurisdiction . Computer services . 4 Article 5(1 ) of the directive provides : ( e ) duties in the form of fees or dues ;
L780	National legislation 6 In the version before they were recast by Article 1(19 ) of Legislative Decree No 23 on the reform of the organisation of chambers of commerce , industry , crafts and agriculture pursuant to Article 53 of Law No 99 of 23 July 2009 ( Decreto legislativo n. 23 - Riforma dell'ordinamento relative alle camere di commercio , industria , artigianato e agricoltura , in attuazione dell'articolo 53 della legge 23 luglio 2009 , n. Merry Christmas ! He 's going to be pretty steamed at you if he does n't get that hat . Some kid does n't get their Remco Frogman , but you ca n't blame Santa . Hey , buddy , I 'm just ringing the bell two nights a week ... to get out of the house till my wife falls asleep . I shaved . It was scratchy . Flying reindeers , shimmying down chimneys . Every good Christian house in the world in one night , huh ? I have a safe upstairs under the bed with $ 5,000 cash in it . Jewelry too . I 'm Santy Claus ! I 'm here to bestow a little Christmas spirit upon you , because what is Christmas about if it 's not about families being together ? Do you appreciate that right now ? Do you ? ( See " Maintenance Claims - Estonia " ) What does the legal term " legal separation " mean in practical terms ?
L781	So , as her step family scratched their newly found itches , How about a bite to eat ? That 's very sweet , but I 'm on a tight schedule . Fine . Message received , Miss " I Think I 'm All That " . I extend the hand of friendship ... Were I not ... He sat dazed and helpless on the ground , the shape - shifters all around him , a wall of animal stink and fetid breath , dark shadows and glittering eyes . Where was Truls Rohk ? Where was anyone who could help him ? He hated his fear , his desperation , but he could not dispel it . All he wanted was to be out of there , to be someplace else , to have a chance to stay alive , even for just another day . He gasped in shock as the cold struck him anew , and he squeezed his eyes shut against its bite . Defendant : Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market ( Trade Marks and Designs ) ( represented by : P. Bullock , Agent ) Do you have the key to this locker ? It 's something to do with your torch . Righto , let 's get these receipts . I said I did n't have a problem with them having a look . When did you say you bought the torch ? Last year ... two years ago ?
L782	Why are you home so early ? Please , if everyone would just go away ... ... and leave me alone ... Seventy - five cents . A month from now , the accident awaits me . Oh , I 'll catch up with you guys . I think I left my watch inside . Hey . It is May 12th , 1959 , when I 'm introduced to Janey . They call me Dr. Manhattan . They are shaping me into something gaudy ... ... something lethal . I tell her I do n't think there is a God ... ... and if there is , I 'm nothing like him . Not so bad ... ... all things considered . Dr. Manhattan has two days . Without Dr. Manhattan around ... ... to bully the Russians into peace , Mr. Veidt ... ... people are going to need good , old - fashioned energy to rely on . Conciliation is a free service . There are two mechanisms : If the conciliation is successful , the report , signed by the parties , the judge and the clerk of the court , is legally binding . In the absence of conciliation , the case may either be heard immediately if the parties agree , or there may be a summary or a declaration to the court office , depending on the seriousness of the claim and the nature of the dispute . The conciliator receives the parties in complete confidentiality .
L783	In the event of a memorandum of agreement being produced , it must be submitted for the judge 's approval . The law on guidance and planning for legal proceedings allows the court of first instance and the local court to order the parties to meet a conciliator to inform them about the aims and procedures of the conciliation process . Conciliation and mediation are always optional . These procedures can not succeed without the agreement of both parties . They can only be concerned with rights that the parties are free to exercise . It is not necessary to resort to an advocate . Certain advocates take on conciliation or mediation work out of court . The forms she 'd been holding were on the counter . We 're not done . You 're saying that you 're a mind reader ? Oh , come on , no such thing ... ... but I can read people . Take your lovely companion here . I 'd say judging from her exquisite posture , she used to be a dancer . Not much of a drinker ... ... very independent ... ... looking for adventure . Oh , yeah . Of course , great . Good to see you . Sorry to cut you short with Mr. and Mrs. Easy - Marks over there . Oh , no big . Was n't a total loss .
L784	( Inhales and exhales deeply ) ( Voice breaks ) I meant it . I did n't know . Congratulations . You are now a professional . My new friends here ... they have a terrific proposition . I thought when they told me that they wanted you to help us that that meant that you would stay in New York ... ( Voice breaks ) At your current job . ( Whispers ) Doing what ? ! Passing information , but here , where you could be protected ! We wo n't reach that point soon , will we ? Newton 's laws , yes - but the Hamiltonian , Riemannian geometry , wave functions ? Not to mention Navier - Stokes , turbulence , chaos , complexity , all the subtleties . What shall I do meanwhile ? " Yu touched her hand . I mean I am my father 's son . Experimenting on human guinea pigs . Not for science . We started this a long time ago , okay ? You and me . I know you . You 're a good person . Good intentions only go so far , Peter . I am weak . I 'm corruptible . And I am selfish . We 're all selfish . The requirements applicable to the statement of grounds in the judgment under appeal 124 . In addition , Ziegler claims that the General Court infringed its duty to state reasons for the judgment at first instance .
L785	This failure to state reasons is said to lie in the fact that the General Court allowed the Commission in the present case to set the deterrent factor at 17 % of the value of sales by relying solely on the ' very serious nature' of the infringement . The General Court therefore fails to provide more detailed reasons for a departure from point 25 of the 2006 Guidelines on fines , which provides for account to be taken of ' a number of factors' . ( d ) enhance awareness among those concerned of the need for rehabilitation and reintegration of workers excluded from the workplace for a long period of time because of an accident at work , an occupational illness or a disability ; ( e ) deploy additional efforts including economic incentives to trigger changes in attitudes with a view to a more participatory , integrated management of health and safety in undertakings ; ( f ) invite the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work to foster the exchange of information and good practice and to draw up , through its risk observatory , high - quality information on the specific challenges .
L786	( a ) develop and implement coherent national health and safety at work strategies geared to national conditions , in cooperation with the social partners , and , where appropriate , with measurable targets set in this context for further reducing accidents at work and the incidence of occupational illnesses , especially in those sectors of activity in which rates are above average ; ( b ) give the national social protection and health care systems , as appropriate , a more active role in improving prevention and in the rehabilitation and reintegration of workers ; ( d ) encourage national research centres to exchange information and collaborate on their programmes at national and European level , focusing on problem - solving and on the prompt transfer of results to enterprises , in particular SMEs ; ( e ) raise awareness by improving the information , training and participation of workers , providing simple guidance , particularly for small enterprises , and analysing and disseminating examples of good practice , in particular by means of networking of the parties involved at the local level ; ( f ) promote a systematic approach to well - being at work through initiatives for quality of work by integrating , in particular , health and safety , lifelong learning and gender into business management and all levels of education ; ( g ) ensure better and more effective enforcement in all Member States and to take appropriate steps to provide adequate resources for labour inspectorates ;
L787	I 'm supposed to see Chuck 's father . Oh , I get the perfect gift ... tap dad back to the grave . Why would you say that ? You know why ? 'Cause it 's a dog . But you ca n't put one on a war veteran that was cut down in his prime . Then he'il just be running the streets , telling the world what you can do . Tap that . I ca n't ... tap that . So make it look like an accident . Pregnancy The safety of this medicinal product for use in human pregnancy has not been established . The significance of these data in pregnant women is not known ; therefore the use of PHEBURANE is contra - indicated during pregnancy ( see section 4.3 ) . Breast - feeding When high doses of phenylacetate ( 190 - 474 mg / kg ) were given subcutaneously to rat pups , decreased proliferation and increased loss of neurons were observed , as well as a reduction in CNS myelin . Cerebral synapse maturation was retarded and the number of functioning nerve terminals in the cerebrum was reduced , which resulted in impaired brain growth . It has not been determined if phenylacetate is secreted in human milk and therefore the use of PHEBURANE is contra - indicated during breast - feeding ( see section 4.3 ) . Fertility There is no evidence available on the effect of sodium phenylbutyrate on fertility .
L788	Germany submitted further information by letter dated 26 August 2004 , registered on the same day . II . Negative ! Negative ! EOD has the situation under control , over . Where you going ? " I am unwell , thank you . " " When 's the last time you ate solid food ? " " Ca n't remember . " " Liquid food , then ? " " I 've no incentive to take on liquids , lacking as I do the means of getting rid of 'em . " " Call it off , Mr. Pepys . The equinoctial gales have begun . To sail for America now were foolish . I have entered into an arrangement with a Mr. Edmund Palling , an old man of my long acquaintance , who has for many years longed to migrate to Massachusetts with his family . It has been settled that in April of next year we shall board the Torbay , a newly built ship , at Southend - on - Sea ; and after a voyage of approximately - " " You 'll be dead a week from now . " " I know it . " " Perfect time for a going - away party then . " Code ' ZZ' stands for ' of other origin' . Operative part of the judgment The Court :
L789	Annuls the decision of the Second Board of Appeal of the Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market ( Trade Marks and Designs ) ( OHIM ) of 21 June 2006 ( Cases R 107/2005 - 2 and R 187/2005 - 2 ) in so far as it dismissed the appeal in Case R 187/2005 - 2 ; Orders OHIM to bear its own costs and to pay those incurred by Giorgio Beverly Hills , Inc. during the proceedings before the Court of First Instance ; Orders WHG Westdeutsche Handelsgesellschaft mbH to bear its own costs and to pay those incurred by Giorgio Beverly Hills for the purposes of the proceedings before the Board of Appeal of OHIM . They 're both on track for the c - section next week . We are ? Jodi , look at me . Okay , do you remember the first time we met ? Yeah , that 's the way you smile . Let 's go home . Okay ? Come on . Zach , you 'll call , and we 'll finish our conversation about how she 'll handle the baby and breast - feeding . Uh , Dr. Turner , would you take Jodi to the lobby , please ? Absolutely . After Jodi gives birth , I 'm taking the baby . I 'll see him . Bye - bye . Why could n't you marry a boy from here ?
L790	She seemed pretty upset last night . Nobody has seen hersince the funeral . And what about Lyle Parker ? He could be dead as well . That 's not from any animal I 've ever seen . An exchange of ideas ? Mulder ! When he 's been checked out I 'm gon na question him . I thought it was over . Over ? Is that why you would n't allow an autopsy on Joe Goodensnake 's body ? All right . I want the print guys up here . Get an ID . And call Mercer . Seriously ? You 'll back her up . You 're my guy . Shit . Yeah ? Of course not . Mercer ? Mercer ? All right , what ? We got a jumper , and you 're up . No , I 'm not on the rotation . In such circumstances the competent authority shall give the relevant operator an opportunity to make his views known with respect to the request for action and the accompanying observations . In the specific cases and circumstances referred to expressly in Article 32 , Member States may provide that contracting authorities may apply a negotiated procedure without prior publication of a call for competition . Member States shall not allow the application of that procedure in any other cases than those referred to in Article 32 . Article 27 Open procedure 1 .
L791	Hi , Chris . Your head makes me laugh . I 'm guessing this one owned a bunny , but not anymore . Listen . The macroeconomic scenario underlying the programme envisages that real GDP growth will pick up from 1.4 % in 2005 to 2.2 % on average over the rest of the programme period . Assessed against currently available information , this scenario appears to be based on plausible growth assumptions . The programme 's projections for inflation also appear realistic . You insult my queen . You threaten my people with slavery and death . Oh , I 've chosen my words carefully , Persian . This is blasphemy . This is madness ! We have been expecting you . The ephors , priests to the old gods . Inbred swine . More creature than man . For no Spartan king has gone to war without the ephors ' blessing . The Persians claim their forces number in the millions . Innovative solutions are needed to tackle workforce shortages and to maximise the efficiency of health systems through the use of innovative products , services , tools and models . Successful implementation of such solutions will also require overcoming barriers such as public procurement and lack of user involvement in innovation .
L792	In this context , actions planned under this objective aim for example to foster European cooperation on Health Technology Assessment ( HTA ) and explore the potential of e - Health and ICT for Health , including a dedicated e - Health network and cooperation among electronic patient registries , as part of the implementation of the Directive on patients ' rights in cross border healthcare[5 ] . Actions will also address shortages in the health workforce and assist Member States in reforming their health systems through the pooling and strengthening of expertise on technical evaluation of policy action . They will also support measures setting high standards of safety , quality and efficacy for devices for medical use required by or contributing to the objectives of EU legislation in this field , as well as contributing to provisions on e - Health and HTA of the above mentioned Directive . The programme may also provide support , under its different objectives , to specific actions under the European Innovation Partnership on Active and Healthy Ageing in its three themes : innovation in awareness , prevention and early diagnosis ; innovation in cure and care and innovation for active ageing and independent living . Hey , Garth . How you doing , Garth ? No ! That 's disgusting . No . No . Learn anything you can . Find me a weapon to use against this thing . Do you intend to destroy it ?
L793	I 'd begin to age again , normally . Do you want to leave here ? Believe me , captain , immortality consists largely of boredom . What 's it like out there , in the galaxy ? We 're on 1,000 planets and spreading out . The black leadership 's convening a rally at the Hope Center You need to go You make it sound like I 'm checked out - The last thing we need is for a dark horse black candidate to capitalize on this run as an independent If you do n't want to tell me what the problem is , I 'll find out another way In order to reduce the generation and the pollution load of waste water from wood storage and preparation , BAT is to use a combination of the techniques given below . Well , it 's about Reba . It 's kind of a funny story , actually . Reba 's dead . Well , it 's not ha - ha funny . " a sedan driven by Reba Cadbury veered off the road , into the Potomac . " The body was never recovered . That 's terrible . What you did was dumb , but there 's no reason for your father to be disappointed in you , as well . Is there someone I can call to express my condolences ? But you 're worth the risk . You do n't even know me . What 's to know ?
L794	You should be . Lois . Hey , Smallville . Lois is all over this guy . And all we know about him is that he can swim faster than I can . Well , let me look him up . He 's on the swim team , leaving all of his competition in the wake . On your pool hall scale , what do you rate this ? Silapo must not be used if Your arm 's not ... Lesions are n't explained by Parkinson 's . Any theories ? A ghost got your tongue ? I 'm fine . What about vasculitis ? Mri did n't indicate any cerebral ischemia . But she has shown some focal weakness , urinary retention . Not the hallucinations that vasculitis does n't explain . Unless it 's retinal vasculitis . House , this guy may be smart , and I 'm sure he 's great to share a beer with . But if he does n't know that visual symptoms are an electrical issue , not vascular , two separate systems ... So are the banks and the power grid . But if I do n't pay my bills , my lights go out . In general , the proposed measures would result in an overall increase by 10 % up to 644 thousand tones in fishing opportunities for Union vessels in the Baltic Sea for all species except salmon stocks .
L795	Right . Now , they tried to get the Mississippi court to honor it , but the judge threw it out . Dr. Wigand , you do understandwhat can happen , do n't you ? If you violatethe Kentucky order , when you step foot back in Kentucky ... they can find you in contempt and they can incarcerate you . Jail . That is one of the possible consequences of your testifying here today . Go on welfare ? If I 'm not teaching , there 's no medical . I 'll see y' all later . Dr. Wigand , good luck . And I think I know how you 're feeling . The helicopter swung around over the island and across our camp site , then returned to the ship . While it was moving in to touch down , Chet Travers hurried up the ladder . I 'm not jealous of Cuddy 's pistons . Starting baseline activation . You sure ? You looked upset . He did n't call me attractive , he cast me in his mental porno . It means " I 'm attracted to you sexually . " " Attracted " can also mean , " I 'm attracted to the whole package , to who you are . " Slight elevation at transaxial 60 . It could . It never does . It 's what women choose to hear , not what men say .
L796	Actually , it 's exactly what men say , if they have any brains . All right , we have enough for a baseline . See you . Bye . " Surrendering himself to her body ... " But I felt that my thoughts were no longer my own . " ... the dark pressure of her soft , hot lips . They pressed upon his ... " I started work on the set building for the school play . That mostly kept my mind off Josh 's death . And I dreamed that I loved Louis of France . And I loved Henry of England . And Henry of England dreamed that he loved me . ... rusts at the breath of the first after - marriage kiss . I could laugh at this poor world myself ... Fuck off , freak . Then she ran . Bodalen followed her . As she fled she glanced back , lost her footing , and fell . Her neck was broken in the fall . Her husband came upon the scene . He was unarmed . The men killed him , leaving him by her body . You hear what I am saying ? ' " They were seen riding from the area and Bodalen was brought to trial . He was sentenced to a year in exile , and Karnak paid a fortune in blood - geld to the dead man 's father . ' Waylander 's mouth was dry .
L797	Really ? I mean , do Pilates , bake lasagna , you might as well put down dock the space station . Well , that 's not very nice . Wait , Richard , wait . I have to go to Cleveland tomorrow . I 'll fix it later . Give me some nice cat things . Oh , hey , Schrader . What the hell is going on here ? Relax , pal . Five percent goes to your favorite charity . Uh , I forgot to tell you , I borrowed your keys . Come on . No , we 're not . Stay there ! We 're contributing to the delinquency of minors , B. Hence , only the Union can act to enable the Agency to charge fees for pharmacovigilance . Only pharmacovigilance activities that are performed at EU level and involving the Agency are covered by this proposal . As regards pharmacovigilance activities remaining at national level , the EU is not competent and Member States may still continue charging national fees accordingly . Proportionality principle The proposal does not go beyond what is necessary to achieve the general objective pursued , i.e. to introduce fees in order to allow the proper implementation of the pharmacovigilance legislation that is applicable since July 2012 . Pleas in law and main arguments In support of the action , the applicant relies on two pleas in law .
L798	First plea in law : No advantage within the meaning of Article 107(1 ) TFEU The applicant claims that the reduction of the EEG - surcharge for energy - intensive users , provided for in the Gesetz für den Vorrang erneuerbarer Energien ( Law for the priority of renewable energy sources , hereinafter referred to as EEG ) , does not constitute aid within the meaning of Article 107(1 ) TFEU . In this context , the applicant states that energy - intensive users are not favoured by the arrangement . The special compensation regime is , instead , compensation for exceptional costs which affect the applicant and comparable users to a special degree in the context of the support for renewable electricity , and is intended to re - establish the competitiveness of energy - intensive users who were initially considerably adversely affected by the EEG - surcharge . Conclusions JOINED OPINION OF ADVOCATE - GENERAL STIX - HACKL delivered on 30 March 2004 ( 1 ) In the present Treaty infringement proceedings , the Commission contests national provisions which require the incorporation into motor - vehicle insurance contracts of systems linking insurance premiums with claims records . It contends that such a requirement infringes the principle of freedom to set premium rates . 131st out of Landburg . These guys are hauling ass somewhere . Chinook 116 , this is Glen 5 - 6 . We found a stretch of highway long enough . Oh , I 'm sure they both are .
L799	Ah , grandpa and Steve were both very immaculate . The Committee may establish working parties to be chaired by a Committee member or an alternate member . Each working party shall be made up of four experts for each interest group . It could be for me . What if it 's Sandy ? I told you I 'd come back . I was texting with you guys this whole time ? Uh - oh . No , let her go . Lost cause , man . What are you doing here ? Where I met Blade . Is he okay ? How is he ? He 's brain damaged . Well , let 's not be petty . No , I 'm serious . He showed me the scar . I 'd forgotten all about it . I 'll never forget it . What you did for me . God bless you ! Streatham 212 ? Viv , Viv it 's me ! Where are you , love ? I 'm here waiting for ya ! Viv ? Viv , I ca n't stop much longer , one of the kids is ill . Viv ? Viv , are you there ? Answer me , Viv ! Hello ?
L800	If the parties have agreed to attribute exclusive jurisdiction to a court or courts of a State party to the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters ( 18 ) , signed on 30 October 2007 in Lugano ( hereinafter referred to as the Lugano Convention ) , where that State is not a Member State , the said Convention shall apply except in the case of the disputes referred to in paragraph 3 . Article 5 Jurisdiction based on the appearance of the defendant Apart from jurisdiction derived from other provisions of this Regulation , a court of a Member State before which a defendant enters an appearance shall have jurisdiction . This rule shall not apply where appearance was entered to contest the jurisdiction . Article 6 Subsidiary jurisdiction Where no court of a Member State has jurisdiction pursuant to Articles 3 , 4 and 5 and no court of a State party to the Lugano Convention which is not a Member State has jurisdiction pursuant to the provisions of that Convention , the courts of the Member State of the common nationality of the parties shall have jurisdiction .
L801	Mice in this study received approximately 9 to 13 times a human nicotinic acid dose of 2,000 mg / day as determined on a mg / m2 basis . Nicotinic acid showed no mutagenic effects in the in vitro assays . No nicotinic acid - related adverse effects on fertility were observed in male and female rats up to exposure levels approximately 391 times the human AUC of nicotinic acid based on the AUC of the recommended daily human dose . Nicotinic acid was not teratogenic in rats and rabbits up to exposure levels approximately 253 and 104 times the human AUC of nicotinic acid at the recommended daily human dose , respectively . In rats , foetotoxic effects ( significantly decreased foetal body weights associated with a decrease in the number of ossified sacrocaudal vertebrae and an increased incidence of foetuses with sites of incomplete ossification ) were noted in the absence of any signs of maternal toxicity at exposure levels approximately 959 times the human AUC of nicotinic acid at the recommended daily human dose . Similar treatment - related changes were observed in rabbit foetuses but in the presence of maternal toxicity at exposure levels approximately 629 times the human AUC of nicotinic acid at the recommended daily human dose . Laropiprant Ketonuria and hepatocellular centrilobular hypertrophy were observed in rats in repeated dose toxicity studies for up to 6 months dosing . The hepatocellular centrilobular hypertrophy was consistent with rodent specific enzyme induction . Thank you .
L802	You have Bruce Banner . You'il need the Hulk to complete your prize . I feel ... I feel great . I ca n't imagine anything better . Betty ? Who are you ? What do you want with me ? Not I. He . This Directive shall not affect the application of domestic or agreement - based provisions designed to eliminate or lessen economic double taxation of dividends , in particular provisions relating to the payment of tax credits to the recipients of dividends . Article 8 1 . Member States shall bring into force the laws , regulations , and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive as from 18 January 2012 . They shall forthwith inform the Commission thereof . When Member States adopt these measures , they shall contain a reference to this Directive or shall be accompanied by such reference on the occasion of their official publication . What is ticking ? The Commission , after consultation of the SCCNFP and of the European Centre for the Validation of Alternative Methods ( ECVAM ) and with due regard to the development of validation within the OECD , shall establish timetables for the implementation of the provisions under paragraph 1(a ) , ( b ) and ( d ) , including deadlines for the phasing - out of the various tests . General Salazar . Possibly , yeah . You might want to pencil in a little face time with your daughter .
L803	All right . Just stay right here , okay ? I have a whole different theory . He wants medical attention , he 'll come to us . Hey , shut up and crawl over here , you lazy son of a bitch ! Keep your head back , your eyes on me . You 're gon na be fine . It 's okay . Put some pressure on that . Put your hands on top and put pressure on it . You want every Jap shooting at us ? Let me guess , Hayes is winning . Well , they been telling us we need to buddy up ... ... and I think we 'd make pretty good buddies . Imports from other countries 98 . The impact of imports from other third countries has also been analysed . Their combined import volume increased by 26 % during the period considered , from around 52.000 tonnes to around 66.000 tonnes . At the same time average import prices decreased by 28 % during the period considered and consequently their market share increased from 42,5 % in 2007 to 54,2 % in the RIP . The second wave followed the first . A moment later , as a third explosion echoed , the warren narrowed , then vanished . The wizard had built a wall of heaving stone before him , and it began to move amidst the flowing shadows , leaning , shifting , pushing humus before it .
L804	If they saw what struck them , there was no time to so much as cream . Oh ... ... my ... ... God . Oh ... ... my ... ... God . All right . So shut up and close your eyes . The audition was this morning , and I did n't get it . But that was a hell of a kiss . Rachel is a very lucky girl . Remember when you came , you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitress ? Ha - ha - ha . Good one . Actually , uh , Terry wants you to take the training again . Just admit it . You have no backhand . Excuse me , little one . I have a very solid backhand . In practical terms , this means creating the conditions for long - term economic development whilst ensuring due respect for the environment . More Technical assistance Territorial Cohesion Trans - European Networks ( TENs ) Transnational cooperation Transport Technical assistance Technical assistance is available to help stakeholders implement Commission - funded programmes and projects . Under the European Union 's Cohesion Policy such financial support can be used to pay for preparation , management , evaluation , monitoring , audit and control . More Territorial Cohesion Strengthening economic and social cohesion by reducing disparities between regions in the EU is a clear objective of the EU .
L805	According to the EC Treaty , the measures put in place within this framework include : More URBACT - Urban Development network programme Urban development URBACT - Urban Development network programme The URBACT II network is financed by the Commission under its Territorial Cooperation Objective and will run from 2007 to 2013 . The aim of the network is to stimulate innovation in urban regeneration by encouraging towns and cities to identify , transfer and disseminate good practice . More Urban development Urban development aims to promote sustainable investment , growth and jobs in Europe 's urban areas . During 2007 - 13 the former URBAN programme will no longer exist as a separate initiative and will be integrated into the regional programmes . The new Cohesion Policy regulations provide instruments for strengthening the urban dimension within the new generation of programmes . These instruments highlight the need to involve local and regional authorities in their planning and implementation . Of course . May I offer you something ? As far as I 'm concerned , there are no doubts . I 'm pleased you 're responsible for this situation . You give me a feeling of trust . My husband and I have discussed it at length . And we 're both convinced . Your husband too ... For Niki we 'd like ... to invest 15,000 euro in a retirement fund . Do you think it 's too little ? No , exactly right . Yes ... I think that 's best .
L806	This table uses UCT ( User Controlled Table ) system . Records are sorted foremost according to the value of the leftmost column of the top navigating bar ( name ) , then ( when records are identical in this feature ) according to the feature from this one to the right ( country ) and further in the same way up to the rightmost column . menu Niedersachsen webcams of type port It means , " I forgive you , please come . " I 'll go . Thank you . You see ? Samantha 's my friend . Brian here happens to make the most dangerous mojitos in the city . Hey , gorgeous . Sean Sullivan , what are you doing in town ? Now that Trey had no problem getting hard in the bedroom ... she saw no reason why their bed should be . What are you doing here ? When Trey told me you two were buying a new bed ... I insisted he let me help . I picked out the one he has now , did you know that ? It 's Chippendale . Fuck her . Fuck her brains out . Suck her tits . You know she wants it . Look at those gazongas . If you lay one finger on that poor , sweet , helpless girl ... you 'll despise yourself forever . I 'm proud of you , Lawrence . My fault !
L807	For Christ 's sake , Carmine , how could it be my fault ? I bet it was that Eric Stratton . No , but ... you 'd be surprised at some of the girls he 's had . 4 ) state as follows : International agreements apply directly in the French legal order . Community law Certain instruments of Community law have direct effect , such as regulations , which have general application and are binding in their entirety , and decisions , which are binding in their entirety upon those to whom they are addressed . Other Community norms must be transposed into internal law by the Member State . These are directives , which bind Member States as to the results to be achieved but leave to the national authorities the choice of form and methods . Transposal must take place within the deadline set in the directive itself , by means of a law or regulation according to the subject involved by the provisions in question . The take - over declaration referred to in paragraph 1 shall contain at least the following information : ( b ) the port and date of landing ; ( d ) the FAO alpha-3 code of each species and its relevant geographical area in which the catches were taken ; ( e ) the quantities of each species stored in kilograms in product weight , broken down by type of product presentation or , where appropriate , the number of individuals ;
L808	December 24 , 2004 . Christmas Eve . I promise . Please , Pen . Aye . Date of birth : Between 1963 and 1968 . They are concert tickets to Beth Orton . Alex bought them on the day he died probably for him and Isabel . The concert is tonight . You do n't buy concert tickets on the day you kill yourself . You do n't make plans for the future when you are not planning on having a future . We know what kind of guy he is , and we know he 'd never kill himself . Exactly . He was murdered . I do n't know yet . Olanzapine can be given without regards for meals as absorption is not affected by food . Project calculates this based on the resource rates you entered . for each task . Programmed into the automatic sequence was a thirty - second inspection time before the robot surgeon would continue with the removal of the organ . Nicole bent over the patient to check the exposed appendix . " Look at this , quick , Janos/ ' she said , her eye on the digital clock counting down the inspection period . " It looks perfectly healthy . " Janos leaned over from the opposite side of the operating table . My God , Nicole thought , we 're going to remove . . . The digital clock read 00:08 . " Stop it , " she shouted .
L809	Nicole was thrown backward , against the wall . Janos fell forward , smacking his head against the operating table . General O'Toole and Franceses were both thrown against the far wall . You faked cancer to get high ? I 'm going to bed . You 're right . He survived the surgery . He 's unconscious but ... How depressed are you ? You faked cancer . It was an outpatient procedure . I know this goes against your nature , but can we not make too much of this ? Subject : Information on the use of the funds of the Youth in Action programme by the municipality of Macerata Answer from the Commission ( 5 May 2009 ) 2003 figures will be revised as follows : real GDP growth 5.1 % , general government balance 2.4 % of GDP , government gross debt 5.3 % of GDP . That 's rude . Allright , guys . Come on . National security , guys . Life and death . Helen , I was always ony our side . Honey , I 'm home . I 'm coming . Hey , were you born in a barn ? Poorhouse . You gotyour fur - coated razor blade there ... and a bunch of guys with guns . Let them weigh for themselves the merits of my argument . " The High Druid turned back , chin lifted slightly so that he seemed to be looking down on Bremen .
L810	" The fight ? It was n't a fight , Elizabeth . I was off by a couple of months . It 's nice to have company . Hi . Where are my shoes ? My part will be very dangerous . I said , " Whoa ! " Yes . Some billionaire has got the Holy Grail in his library on Fifth Avenue ? Here they are . Jack . Here you go . Huh ? - Listen . You a friend of Parry 's ? 2003 final Are you all right ? Yes , I 'm fine . Where 's Philip ? Dad 's in the lounge . He 's not my dad . Really ! Ed 's outside , we 'll take you somewhere safe . What about the doctor ? Philip wo n't want to leave the house . Philip is n't Put the kettle on and I 'll deal with Philip . OK , then . You hungry ? I 'll make some sandwiches . Cumbrian butchers continue to make this distinctive local product using a recipe passed down over many generations while retaining the traditional characteristic features found in its size and shape . The Traditional Cumberland sausage is renowned for its unique taste , texture and traditional shape . It has been recorded in the mid 19th century that Traditional Cumberland Sausages at farms and in households were hung up with hams and bacons and were then semi - dried for preservation .
L811	The unlinked and wide diameter of the sausage was necessary to prevent the sausage drying out during hanging . Historically , the Traditional Cumberland Sausage was more highly seasoned than other sausages and despite being less strongly seasoned today , it still remains more highly seasoned than other British sausages . Aye , Captain . ARCHER : I had to erase any doubts you might have about our resolve . What do you want with my ship ? When I 'm satisfied the situation is secure ... I also lost a crewman in that explosion , Captain . I 'll say a prayer for them both . Were you given the coordinates for Triannon ? Set a course . Your highest warp factor . You heard me . I promised you an explanation . To my home world . With your ship , I can deliver a final decisive attack . I can feel your heart beating ... right here ... in your hand , like a trapped bird Let me give you something that will help you forget It 's not very pretty It is very pretty , indeed . Well , I thought it was kind of weird , but if you 're cool with it ... Yeah , it 's off , and she 's talking to some guy . Back when I lived in LA , I was pretty broke , so I spent a month making adult films . Natalie ! Hey , happy birthday ! And on her birthday !
L812	So my dog keeps going ... ( GRUNTING ) New York loves you . You 're a superstar . Look , look , look , I know you 're mad , but ... happy birthday , three years ago . TED : Maybe we should just call it a day . Okay , so you know how to disconnect it . Oh , no . No , I have n't quite worked that out yet . Okay , Walter , we 're running out of time . My attempts to shut down that part of his brain have n't worked ! There 's only one other possible option . Surgically remove the infected part . What are you saying ? You 're thinking of lobotomizing him ? I do n't know what else to do in the time I have left , Olivia . Walter , you ca n't ! I have to save his life . Whatever it takes . Okay , Walter , listen to me . Well x is n't 0 . x is n't 1 . I go to the otherwise situation . The last part of the track , for at least 5 m before the barrier , must be horizontal , flat and smooth . The barrier must be of such thickness that it weighs at least 70 tonnes .
L813	The front face must be vertical , perpendicular to the axis of the run - up track , and covered with plywood boards 20 ± 1 mm thick in good condition . The barrier shall be either anchored in the ground or placed on the ground with , if necessary , additional arresting devices to limit its displacement . A barrier with different characteristics , but giving results at least equally conclusive , may likewise be used . ANNEX II Origin of the products Dates China Third countries other than China or Argentina Argentina traditional importers ( Article 3(a ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1870/2005 ) new importers ( Article 3(2 ) and ( 3)(b ) of Regulation ( EC ) The authorities receiving information covered by professional secrecy shall ensure its protection . Article 17 This Directive shall be without prejudice to the application of Directive 85/374/EEC . 6.7 So far , these steps seem to be somewhat disparate , and there does not appear to be much research taking place or cross - sectoral learning from the experience gained . The EESC suggests that these initiatives be closely followed and used for recognising and sharing best practices . The directive 2006/123/EC of 12 December 2006 on services in the internal market ( known as the ' Bolkestein' Now , use that door . Yes ? You will give Walker his money , wo n't you ? Yes . You would n't try what Reese did ? Which door is he in ?
L814	This includes the authorisation procedure of Directive 2007/64/EC , following which e - money institutions have to submit an application to the competent authorities of the home Member State , including , inter alia , the programme of operations , a business plan and evidence of initial capital and governance arrangements . The competent authorities shall inform the institution within three months after receipt of the application whether the authorisation is granted or refused . Lowering of the initial capital requirement from EUR 1 million to EUR 125 000 ( Article 6 ) . The initial capital is considered to be excessive and disproportionate with regard to the risk of the service . This high initial capital is seen as a major obstacle for smaller firms ( mainly waived institutions ) to apply for an authorisation to become an electronic money institution . Replacing current ongoing capital requirements with new methods of calculation based on the nature and the risk profile of electronic money institutions ( Article 7 ) . Articles 8 and 9 : Activities and safeguarding requirements Today , under Article 1(4 ) of the Directive , electronic money institutions are prohibited from doing any business other than the issuance of electronic money and closely related services . This restriction of activities is not in line with the non - exclusivity approach for payment institutions which , under Directive 2007/64/EC , may engage in non - payment services business ( e.g. retailing or telecom activities ) . A more coherent approach is advisable .
L815	When brushes age , they shed hairs . Then , if they used a nylon brush the next time ... Say I wanted a badger hair paintbrush ... where would I buy one ? Sorry . I was admiring your frames . Nice . You won ? Lemon , I wanted to know I could win . I 'm still going to take care of you . Excuse me , sirs . Mr. Donaghy , do you remember the other day when you said there are other opportunities for me at the company ? Of course . Well , I would like to discuss those opportunities with you further . But you have no other skills . He 's a white male with hair , Lemon . To white men ! Adam , we hear you 're a Yankees fan . Tracy , are n't you a coach for the Yankees ? You must know all the players . PART B Sales descriptions - Sekt bestimmter Anbaugebiete , - Sekt b . A. , - in German . ANNEX V Quality wine termsas referred to in Article 23 1 . Quality wine terms of Australia : Any meeting of the arbitration panel shall be open to the public in accordance with the Rules of Procedure , unless the Parties agree otherwise . At its own initiative , or at the request of a Party , the arbitration panel may obtain information it deems appropriate for the arbitration panel proceeding .
L816	How to store Nuwiq 6 . || 1 O || Overall : does report assess balance between capacity & opportunity ? Imports into the Community of the product concerned originating in the USA represented 14 % of Community consumption during the RIP . Liz , how can I help you ? You said you wanted me to keep you updated on how the women are doing . You know something ? Liz . Liz , if you 've heard something , it 's your responsibility to tell me . About a week ago , Bea found a mobile phone in a cell . The person who called said they were with Debbie , and he said some awful stuff . You think Jacs was behind it . She 's had it in for Bea since arriving . Thank you . Fletch ? Shit . Will ! Get off me ! It 's Meg 's . Production program / Injection moulding machines INVERA / New injection moulding machines for plastic / Horizontal injection moulding machines for plastic / Horizontal injection moulding machines INTEC INTEC 60 Economy INTEC 100 Economy INTEC 120 Economy INTEC 150 Economy INTEC 180 Economy INTEC 220 Economy INTEC 300 INTEC 500 INTEC 650 INTEC 850 INTEC 1200 Luxembourg , 1 March 2007 . None of my blokes . Your good health , then . Too dark , and he was wearing a balaclava . None that are prepared to say it to my face , son .
L817	Well , your visitor just now , his name 's been mentioned . No man likes another man slipping his lady a lance , mate . A note from the Queen ? Best wishes for a speedy recovery . That 's nice of the man . He sent something else too . No , you have to keep this between us . It 's Miss Benton . Her associate just took a sample of mine . I 'm sorry . I should have told you weeks ago . I was just so scared . They threatened to poison my dad . It 's okay . You 're not in this alone anymore . It 's almost scary to think what a cat 's life expectancy will be . No , I have n't . Where is he then ? Show him to me . He 's in the bathroom . Migg . Migg . See , Tom , you 've been depressed for a long , long time . You just wanted to give yourself an excuse to leave your job , start drinking , drop out of this life you hated . I do n't ... You 're not Charles Bukowski . You 're just a primary school teacher who had a nervous breakdown . I 've got to go . I 've got to put my hair in a bun for D - Day Doris . I thought it was Lucy Land Girl . We changed it back .
L818	( c ) equipment for cleaning various articles ultrasonically ( metal parts , in particular ) and ultrasonic generators ( heading 8479 ) ; ( d ) ultrasonic welding equipment ( heading 8515 ) ; ( f ) electric regulators for regulating electric or non - electric variables , falling in heading 9032 . Insulated ( including enamelled or anodised ) wire , cable ( including coaxial cable ) and other insulated electric conductors , whether or not fitted with connectors ; optical - fibre cables , made up of individually sheathed fibres , whether or not assembled with electric conductors or fitted with connectors This heading does not include : Of a kind used for telecommunications See the HS Explanatory Note to heading 8544 . For the purposes of this subheading , the expression ' of a kind used for telecommunication' includes electrical conductors fitted with connectors used in telecommunication networks , for example , to connect an automatic data - processing ( ADP ) machine with a modem . This report stipulates in paragraphs 305 and 306 that an exporting producer not found to be dumping in an original investigation has to be excluded from the scope of the definitive measure imposed as a result of such investigation and can not be made subject to administrative and changed circumstances reviews . Increasing the performance of the policy The effectiveness of the different structural instruments depends on sound policy , regulatory and institutional frameworks .
L819	The options examined in this context related to : a ) the status quo ( macro - fiscal conditionality under the CF , compliance with procedures and with EU sectoral legislation and strategic frameworks , albeit unsystematically applied , no provisions related to performance ; b ) ex ante conditionalities to be fulfilled prior to the adoption of the programmes ; c ) ex post conditionalities including the performance framework and performance reserve ; d ) strengthened macro - fiscal conditionality ; and e ) combined option . Support for development and promotion of ' Fires' video documentary series The Fires project has been developed by the Media and Public Affairs branch of the OPCW . The latest episode , Ich Liebe Dich , has generated even more enthusiasm among stakeholders for the project , with expressions of material support and collaboration in producing future episodes from several State Parties . Enhanced capacity of African State Parties for effective national implementation Increased number of African State Parties able to conduct effective national implementation at quantitative and qualitative level Enhanced understanding and awareness of National Authorities of African State Parties on CWC - related matters for good cooperation and support Effective function of custom authorities in control and monitoring of the chemical trade Strengthened inter - agency collaboration in support of effective national implementation of the CWC under the leadership of the National Authority .
L820	AUC over the 24-h dosing interval on day 14 or day 15 compared to day 1 , was in the range of 2.9 to 3.8 for once - daily inhaled doses between 60 µg and 480 µg ( delivered dose ) . Glycopyrronium In patients with COPD , pharmacokinetic steady - state of glycopyrronium was reached within one week of the start of treatment . The steady - state mean peak and trough plasma concentrations of glycopyrronium at the recommended once - daily dosing regimen were 166 picograms / ml and 8 picograms / ml , respectively . Steady - state exposure to glycopyrronium ( AUC over the 24-hour dosing interval ) was about 1.4- to 1.7-fold higher than after the first dose . Distribution Indacaterol After intravenous infusion the volume of distribution of indacaterol during the terminal elimination phase was 2557 litres indicating an extensive distribution . The in vitro human serum and plasma protein binding was about 95 % . The apparent volume of distribution in the terminal phase following inhalation was almost 20-fold larger , which reflects the much slower elimination after inhalation . Biotransformation Indacaterol After oral administration of radiolabelled indacaterol in a human ADME ( absorption , distribution , metabolism , excretion ) study , unchanged indacaterol was the main component in serum , accounting for about one third of total drug - related AUC over 24 hours . A hydroxylated derivative was the most prominent metabolite in serum .
L821	Why not tell me then ? You were so focused to get off the island you were n't seeing things clearly , like what 's happening with the raft . Did you burn the raft ? What is the hatch ? Boone mentioned it before he died . The hatch ? Two hatches on a plane . Could be forward ... or aft . I 'm not sure if I can do this . " Do come in , " she cooed . Objection ! That 's totally irrelevant . As TV2 started broadcasting in 1989 , all the measures for TV2 were taken after Denmark 's accession to the European Union . IV.2 . COMPATIBILITY OF THE AID WITH THE INTERNAL MARKET The Commission considers that Article 107(2 ) and Article 107(3)(a ) , 107(3)(b ) , 107(3)(c ) and 107(3)(d ) TFEU are manifestly not applicable and neither the Danish authorities nor TV2 have put forward any arguments to this effect . The Commission will therefore assess whether Article 106(2 ) TFEU might apply . Article 106(2 ) TFEU reads : ' Undertakings entrusted with the operation of services of general economic interest or having the character of a revenue - producing monopoly shall be subject to the rules contained in the Treaties , in particular to the rules on competition , in so far as the application of such rules does not obstruct the performance , in law or in fact , of the particular tasks assigned to them . Senator .
L822	I know our decision to stay neutral has caused distress in the Senate . But for many here , the fallout from your war has been too much . If your government has trade concerns , we can talk . Many systems have been affected . I assure you not everyone in the Republic has neglected Mandalore , and there are those of us who would still vote , to give you any help you require . The help we need now is opening trade routes so we may get supplies more freely . We are making progress in the Senate . Forgive me , Padmé . I had hoped to show you the new Mandalore . Senator Organa teased you 'd have a royal court waiting . Your mum ! Is that real ? Andy ... But what price can one place on immortality , young friend ? Why , Henry did , of course . My young friend , no . It was n't a death mask I made for Henry . He 's very much alive . Thanks , Dad . You sure ? They 'll be spinning around for a half - hour at least . There goes one - in - a - million . I could n't escape my own body . Intimacy was impossible . I could n't love Leni . Hitler said we need n't kill them . You hit me ... to defend the Jews ! Leni , forgive me . Nobody !
L823	Ever ! Especially not a limp - dick like you ! Look for us in the Lodz ghetto . Knupfergasse 7 ! I did n't understand ... Russian . Sit down . You 're in the way . Fine . Again ! Bad , Peters ! Try again ! AVONEX can be stored at room temperature ( between 15 ° C and 30 ° C ) for up to one week . Store in the original package ( sealed plastic tray ) in order to protect from light ( see section 6.5 ) . 6.5 Nature and contents of container What 's your name ? Dorkis . Dorkis . With an X ? - S. What 's your name ? Excuse me . Hello . Hannah ? This is Fran . Hey , nice to meet you . Seriously , it 's kind of crazy that you 're here , do n't you think ? How come ? I mean , if you 're talking about Adam , he and I are completely fine and we 're just checking out the show . We must n't be quitting now , must we ? He 's plumb tuckered out . Charge ! ( ii ) charges other than the purchase price which , in purchases of goods or services , the consumer is obliged to pay whether the transaction is paid in cash or by credit ;
L824	Defendant : Commission of the European Communities The subject - matter and description of the proceedings Annulment of the decision of the authority authorised to conclude contracts of employment of 24 May 2007 to dismiss the applicant as a contractual agent as a result of alleged insufficient conduct in the service and compensation for the material and non - material damage suffered . Morning ! Are you nuts ? Close those blinds ! Gentlemen , I hereby open this meeting . We 'll dispense with the preliminaries , as we all know why we 're here . An outsider is ruining our business and our reputation . Measures taken by the police and the daily raids to catch this child murderer are hampering our activities to an almost unbearable degree . Things must return to normal or we 'll go under . Our coffers will soon be depleted . Our reputation is suffering as well . The police seek the murderer in our fold . Any revenue from the contribution from candidate countries for participation in Community programmes , as well as from the western Balkan countries included in the stabilisation and association process , entered in Item 6 0 3 1 of the statement of revenue , may give rise to the provision of additional appropriations in accordance with Article 18(1)(d ) of the Financial Regulation .
L825	Commitments Payments Subsequent years and others Pre-2006 commitments still outstanding Commitment appropriations made available again and/or carried over from 2005 Appropriations 2006 Appropriations 2007 Total Remarks New item This appropriation is intended to support the implementation of the programme to cover , in particular , the expenditure related to evaluations and the annual Forum on the Social Agenda ( Progress ) , which promotes dialogue between all stakeholders from all levels , publicises the programme 's results and discusses future priorities . To the appropriations entered in this Item must be added the contributions from the EFTA States pursuant to the Agreement on the European Economic Area , and in particular Article 82 thereof and Protocol 32 thereto . Activity data ( 3 ) Danny boughther beer . They both fessed up . Because your son told her to . No . No ! Your niece is the one that 's been hounding him day and night . Hey , I 'm just trying to be nice here . I 'm giving you a heads up that Ana 's taking her story back . Can I at least talk to the girl before she goes pointin ' fingers ? Too late . I called to Gor Hajus and the others to fall back beside the gate , and as the apes rushed in I pointed to the Toonolian warriors .
L826	My plans were now well laid and they included a return to Phundahl since I could not start for Duhor with Valla Dia without provisions and fuel ; nor could I obtain these elsewhere than in Phundahl , since I felt that I held the key that would unlock the resources of that city to me ; whereas all Toonol was in arms against us owing to Vobis Kan 's fear of Gor Hajus . So we retraced our way towards Phundahl as secretly as we had come , for I had no mind to be apprehended before we had gained entrance to the palace of Xaxa . Scanty quality adds on to different tax systems , labour - cost advantages and the relatively low transports costs to attack established manufacturers in Europe . " Are you not afraid with all the men encamped about ? " Morgaine laughed . In her former role as a Member of the Central Electoral Commission , she was responsible for the violations of international electoral standards in the Presidential elections on 19 December 2010 . I was lonely . And I was with a man , once . Were you with anyone ? It was a mistake . Thank you for the ship you made . For me . Your welcome . I 'm glad you like it . Mother said you were at the war . Did you fight ? Did you kill anybody ? Hello Father . Hello Edward . Hello
L827	Reset Settings Use this setting to restore the camera to its default settings . 1 . Select Reset settings in the File and Software menu . Keep this leaflet . You may need to read it again . If you have any further questions , ask your doctor or pharmacist . This medicine has been prescribed for you only . Do not pass it on to others . It may harm them , even if their signs of illness are the same as yours . If you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . This includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . See section 4 . Observers with specific competence on a subject on the agenda may be invited by the Chair to participate in the group 's or sub - group 's deliberations if this is useful and/or necessary . The proceedings were based on an open agenda with a highly participatory approach . - On 27 October 2010 , an open public online consultation on the future of the " Europe for Citizens " programme was launched by means of the Commission 's IPM ( Interactive Policy Making ) tool . The consultation was open until 5 January 2011 and invited contributions from all interested parties : individual citizens , civil society organisations , public authorities and administrations , research and innovation institutions , European and international organisations and others . 412 respondents participated , with 5 additional submissions received separately .
L828	ARTICLE 9 Termination of the Agreement 1 . Lobos needs us to move this shit . You always said " opportunity is luck plus ... " We got to be prepared , man . Ca n't think too long . Hold on , man . Glad to see you finally got your priorities in order . This is gon na be a good thing , Ghost . I 'll drop you off on the way . Double the product ? It 's double everything . How are we gon na survive that , you mean . Because if I 'm moving more , I 'm gon na be leaning on you to do the same . He wanted to see me and " rehash the past , " as they say . So-- I do n't know-- do all men go through that ? Because if we are , that 's great , that 's great . But if we 're not , I do n't really want to spend time playing catch - up . The information specified in paragraphs 1 , 2 , 4 , and 5 shall be reported as provided for in Article 6(5 ) of this Regulation . Thank you . Come on in . Tanny Brown . Paul Armstrong . No . Information ? The girl got into the car right here . She 'd wanted to go that way , but he took her this way . That 's where he popped her . I do n't understand .
L829	What ? Please ! You love him . You want to have 10,000 of his babies . Shut up ! Hi . I remember this really creepy incident where you were filming me last night . I did n't mean to scare you . I just think you 're interesting . Thanks , but I do n't need some psycho obsessing about me right now . I 'm just curious . What a freak ! How 'd you get in the Army ? Bend all the way down . Everyone 's with their spouse . It 's okay . Go on . When I came downstairs , Roderick was by the fireplace . He was burning his clothes . She 's lying to you ! Told me to get rid of it . I 'm going to step outside for a moment . There you are . However , carrying losses forward and back over different tax periods is permitted for permanent establishments situated in the United Kingdom irrespective of whether such losses are also taken into account in the company 's Member State . Boy , it was funny ! I 'm tired . Go to sleep . What time is it ? You 've never taken a train , huh ? No . It 's really nice ! It 's all wooden inside . There 's not one seat . yes C.
L830	yes D. Please undertake to submit the records referred to in Section B above on request of the EFTA Surveillance Authority . yes 8 . Other information Please give any other information you consider necessary to assess the measure(s ) in question under the EFTA Surveillance Authority 's Guidelines for state aid for research , development and innovation . ' PART III.6.b SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION SHEET FOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AND INNOVATION AID : INDIVIDUAL AID This supplementary information sheet must be used for the notification of any individual aid covered by the EFTA Surveillance Authoritie 's Guidelines for state aid for research and development and innovation ( thereinafter " the R & D & I Guidelines " ) ( 78 ) . It must also be used for individual aid for Research and Development to SMEs , which does not fall under the General Block Exemption Regulation ( 79 ) or is subject to individual notification obligation as it exceeds the individual notification thresholds laid down therein . Basic characteristics of the notified measure Research organisations and innovation intermediaries as recipients of state aid Public funding of non - economic activities Public funding of economic activities Indirect state aid to undertakings through publicly funded research organisations Research on behalf of undertakings Collaboration of undertakings and research organisations Compatibility of aid under article 61(3)(b ) of the EEA Agreement General conditions ( cumulative )
L831	Aid for the loan of highly qualified personnel ( for SMEs ) And what I do is , I go back there , and I talk to this one and that one , and eventually , I get around to the story of how I got the name Johnny One . We 're back at her place now , you know ? Just hangin ' back , you know , in her kitchenette , some such . And usually what I 'll do is , I 'm starting to understand that she 's seeing me as maybe some kind of a loser , but they ca n't back out . You know why ? So now you 're getting into your critical type stage , right , where I actually show them the arm . Every time , sooner or later , within inside , like , five minutes of the thing , they up and they start crying . Right . Here I am , right , going up to them , where they 're sittin ' , and now I 'm holding them with the good side . They 're breaking down crying , and I 'm next to them , holding them with the good arm going , " It 's okay . " And now with your help , I can go out there and not be ashamed of this arm . " And so on .
L832	I feel like ... I feel like no ebb 's allowed . Some ... simple conversation . I have nothing to talk about . You 've stolen my dreams away . All things change , Lady . The dreams of youth are the regrets of maturity . Dreams are my specialty . Through dreams l influence mankind . My dream is of eternity with you . Users shall be collected , or the service shall begin , in the territory of the municipality which issued the licence and the service may be provided to any destination , subject to the consent of the driver in the case of destinations beyond the municipal or district boundaries , except as provided for under Article 4(5 ) . Each argument or group of arguments should generally be preceded by a summary statement of the relevant plea . In addition , the pleas in law put forward should ideally each be given a heading to enable them to be identified easily . For the purposes of the production of the document required by Article 51(2 ) of the Rules of Procedure certifying that the lawyer representing a party or assisting the party 's agent is authorised to practise before a court of a Member State or of another State which is a party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area , reference may be made to a document previously lodged at the Registry of the Court .
L833	Each application must be accompanied by a summary of the pleas in law and main arguments relied on , designed to facilitate the drafting of the notice prescribed by Article 79 of the Rules of Procedure . Since the notice is required to be published in the Official Journal of the European Union in all the official languages , it is requested that the summary not exceed two pages and that it be prepared in accordance with the model available online on the internet site of the Court of Justice of the European Union . The summary of the pleas in law and main arguments relied on must be produced separately from the body of the application and the annexes mentioned in the application . The summary of the pleas in law and main arguments relied on must , if not lodged by means of the e - Curia application , be sent by e - mail , as an ordinary electronic file produced using word - processing software , to GC.Registry curia.europa.eu , indicating the case to which it relates . If the application is lodged after the submission of an application for legal aid , the effect of which , under Article 147(7 ) of the Rules of Procedure , is to suspend the time limit prescribed for the bringing of an action , this must be stated at the beginning of the application initiating proceedings .
L834	This website provides various facilities to help locate individual merger decisions , including company , case number , date and sectoral indexes , in electronic form on the EUR - Lex website under document number 32008M5183 . EUR - Lex is the on - line access to European law ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu ) . I thought I was here to learn who ruined my brother 's life . Instead , you 're accusing me of ... You 're wrong . Two days after the attack of my brother , I brought some friends to the place where it happened . I made sky lanterns . Cardboard , candle , paper balloon . We lit them and watched them float up , thinking of Lee . One or two landed on the roof of that club . Maybe there was gas on the cardboard from the floor of the shop . But that was months ago . Looks like the grieving sister 's story makes sense . landed on the roof , stays up there a couple months , then comes down in here when that part of the roof collapsed . And we still have no point of origin , which means we are nowhere . Okay , there 's a , uh ... a new technique that I learned recently when it comes to fire that I 'd like to try out here .
L835	So much so that even on the outside , he lived like he was still on the inside . Keep it down . Keep it down . Bone check ! Five dollars a head ! Five dollars . What they in for , man ? Five dollars , buster ! Oh , I got that . I can cover that . Here . Here you go . What ? That 's OK , we 'll take it with us . What 's going on ? There 's been a death . Is she all right ? She 's dead . I meant Sally . You know , whatever you say to me ... stays with me . I 'm not allowed out so much . What about Saturday night , when you went calling on Magnus Bain ? Catherine thought it would be a dare to knock on his door . And after that ? Went home . It 's his problem . All right . Hey , Kana , you wanna go to the disco with us ? No ? Josh ? Are you okay ? If you want , I will go with you . Josh . Vala . You do n't Look well . No , I-- -Here , Let me help you . I feel sick . Where is Oli ? Albrecht ! What happened ? I 'm going to be 17 in a week , my father 's sending me to the Eastern front .
L836	The child was walking about , playing at this and that , seemingly aimless but already searching . I allowed certain elements within ISI to let his whereabouts be known . But perhaps we should n't be too quick to judge . I saw Porter 's last report from Lahore . He told you he 'd stumbled across Trojan Horse , did n't he ? But did you tell him what you knew ? Mahmood , ATAT . But you hid it from your own section . But you only succeeded in helping me . You did n't share your suspicions with the people who trusted you the most . For what ? Your own ambition ? My only ambition has been to serve my country . explore button , and click Collapse Member . Masters / skippers of EU fishing vessels engaged in landing or transhipment operations in a Solomon Islands prescribed port shall allow and facilitate the control of such operations by Solomon Islands inspectors . APPENDIX I. Application form for a fishing authorisation . II . The result of these negotiations improves on the earlier Agreement and will strengthen our fisheries relations and establish a true partnership framework in which to develop a sustainable and responsible fisheries policy in Solomon Islands' waters .
L837	This is on the understanding that the first instalment of the financial contribution , laid down by Article 2 of the Protocol , must be paid before 1 December 2010 . I should be grateful if you would confirm the agreement of the European Union to such a provisional application . Please accept , Sir , the assurance of my highest consideration . For Solomon Islands Sir , I have the honour to acknowledge receipt of your letter of today 's date which reads as follows : ' I am delighted that Solomon Islands and European Union negotiators have been able to reach a consensus on a Fisheries Partnership Agreement between Solomon Islands and the European Union , and on a Protocol setting out the fishing opportunities and financial contribution and the annexes thereto . Tests carried out on test pieces corresponding to the largest area ' S' shall be considered to be applicable to any other area smaller than S + 5 per cent . 2.2.3 . If the samples submitted present an angle γ smaller than 30 ° , the tests shall be considered as applicable to all glass panes produced having an angle greater than γ - 5 ° . For the same reasons , it is appropriate to establish rules concerning the records that Member States should keep regarding the aid scheme exempted by this Regulation .
L838	Article 2 The financial reference amount of EUR 869 000 as set out in Article 9(1 ) of Joint Action 2006/623/CFSP shall be increased by EUR 807 000 in order to cover the expenditure related to the mandate of the ICM / EUSR Preparation Team from 15 September 2006 to 31 July 2007 . Article 3 This Joint Action shall enter into force on the date of its adoption . Article 4 This Joint Action shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union . Notice . Rule One : If you do n't contribute your fair share of food , may your whole family get the fever and die . All government rations of food and medicine ... ... will be shared . Cheaters and disobedients will see ... ... all their ancestors and descendants die . Adulterers and corrupters ... ... of public morals , if get caught , will wear the sign of their shame ... ... and be paraded through the village streets . No one takes school property ! What happens when the kids come back ? What then ? The financial contribution granted per farmer shall be set at 60 % of the insurance premium due . Member States may decide to increase the financial contribution to 70 % taking account of the climatic situation or the situation of the sector concerned .
L839	Is the duty to communicate information under Annex III A a11 of Directive 2002/83/EC sufficiently complied with if the assurance undertaking supplies the securities identification number ( WKN ) , or , how else is ' definition of the units' to be understood in order to fulfil the requirement to communicate information ? Is the duty to communicate information under Annex III A a12 of Directive 2002/83/EC sufficiently complied with if the assurance undertaking supplies the securities identification number ( WKN ) or should more detailed information be provided ? Does Article 36(1 ) of Directive 2002/83/EC make it mandatory for the assurance undertaking to provide the details set out in Annex III A or is it sufficient if this information is given to the policy - holder by a third party , for example by an insurance intermediary within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 9 December 2002 on insurance mediation ? Does Directive 2002/83/EC require that Article 36 be implemented into national law by the Member States in such a way that policy holders acquire a civil law right against the assurance undertaking to be notified of the details pursuant to Annex III , or is it sufficient for the implementation into national law if a breach of the duties to provide information under Annex III of the Directive is only subject to sanction by a regulatory body such as by the imposition of a fine , withdrawal of license or other similar measure ?
L840	Only in that unpossessiveness does it perhaps differ from what we call the " maternal " instinct . I suspect that the distinction between a maternal and a paternal instinct is scarcely worth making ; the parental instinct , the wish to protect , to further , is not a sex - linked characteristic ... Early in Hakanna we heard in Gorinhering on the static - fuzzed Palace Bulletin that King Argaven had announced his expectation of an heir . Not another kemmering - son , of which he already had seven , but an heir of the body , king - son . The king was pregnant . I found this funny , and so did the clansmen of Gorinhering , but for different reasons . They said he was too old to be bearing children , and they got hilarious and obscene on the subject . The old men went about cackling over it for days . They laughed at the king , but were not otherwise much interested in him . Nothing , I thought , could ever unite Karhide as a nation . The Ekumen could not appeal to these people as a social unit , a mobilizable entity : rather it must speak to their strong though undeveloped sense of humanity , of human unity . We need to talk to you . And it looked like she 'd packed a bag . She has n't returned any of my texts . No , about the texts .
L841	Hatter ! Take it to the White Queen . I 'm not leaving without you . Run , Alice ! Alice ? Run ! Alice . Of course . Why did n't I see it ? Military official involved in the violence in Homs . 103rd Brigade of the Republican Guard Division . Great point . Thank you so much , Jake . Hey , listen , I 'm a member of this invite - only speakeasy called The Keychain . Taxes are due in eight months . Actually , they were due two weeks ago . But the point is , drink sounds good . Password ? Tropical . This place is amazing . Yeah , I come here after ever case I solve , which means I 'm here a lot . Every time I solve one , I go get a steak dinner . The Government of Andalusia is to provide 50 % of the budget , with the remaining 50 % coming from the central government Maximum Aid Intensity : Under Article 6(4 ) of the Order , total aid , including where this aid is cumulated with other public aid , may not , under any circumstances , exceed the percentage of 80 % laid down in Article 11(2 ) of the exemption Regulation ( Regulation ( EC ) No 1857/2006 ) . I love my TEC-9 ... Check out this gun here ... This here is a Styer Aug ... That shit 's expensive too , man ...
L842	Hold up ... I 'm serious as a heart attack ... I wish I did . ALICIA : Yep . 45 minutes till " I do " . Scarlett . Give me 20 seconds . Time ! It 's about ten to nine . Bastards . Jessica , stop jumping up and down , please . One , two , three , smile ! It does work , does n't it ? Yes . I hope me damn sister turns up . Not much of a wedding without a bride . Tom ! We did ... It 's available in stores now . Featuring songs from my dad , Billy Ray . Only 9.95 . Can somebody help us ? Hey , Hancock . Hancock ? We need help . Wake up , you drunk motherfucker . Get your punk ass up , fly down there , and fix that shit . Asshole ! Oh , hell , no . Big Willie 's out of here . I need a drink . The Finanzgericht allowed the appeal , ruling that , unlike true factoring , the transfer of defaulted debts did not constitute a service for the seller that was liable to VAT . I want it to go to my kids and grandkids so they can be crazy socialites . Look , you 've spent years building a career . There 's still plenty of time to figure the rest out . You 're not 22 . No one does .
L843	Do you remember how we met ? You and I moved to the city to be fun , single roommates together , and the first time we go out , you get hit on by some 37-year - old pephile . I 'm sorry , sexual predator . There will thus be a fair and public hearing by the European Union judicature within a reasonable time of the date on which the application in that new case was lodged on the applicant 's reasons for bringing the case , namely the unlawfulness it alleges regarding the Commission 's refusal to grant it full access to the documents relating to the contract . Hydrochlorothiazide Mechanism of action The site of action of thiazide diuretics is primarily in the renal distal convoluted tubule . It has been shown that there is a high - affinity receptor in the renal cortex as the primary binding site for the thiazide diuretic action and inhibition of NaCl transport in the distal convoluted tubule . The mode of action of thiazides is through inhibition of the Na+Cl- symporter perhaps by competing for the Cl- site , thereby affecting electrolyte reabsorption mechanisms : directly increasing sodium and chloride excretion to an approximately equal extent , and indirectly , by this diuretic action , reducing plasma volume , with consequent increases in plasma renin activity , aldosterone secretion and urinary potassium loss , and a decrease in serum potassium .
L844	Two large randomised , controlled trials ( ONTARGET [ ONgoing Telmisartan Alone and in combination with Ramipril Global Endpoint Trial ] and VA NEPHRON - D [ The Veterans Affairs Nephropathy in Diabetes ] ) have examined the use of the combination of an ACE inhibitor with an ARB . Both the Polish authorities and the Commission project the general government gross debt to remain below the 60 % threshold over the entire period under consideration . According to the Commission 2013 autumn forecast , the debt - to - GDP ratio is forecast to fall from 55.6 % in 2012 to 51 % in 2014 , mainly as an effect of the announced transfer of pension funds ' assets of 8.5 % of GDP , before edging up to 52.5 % in 2015 . S - Somebody 's goin' in there . 10 lines . 1 line / Argument2 total . 3 lines / Argument2 total . 10 lines / Argument2 total . Resume Resume the watching of the current log Resumes the watching of the current log . This action is only available when the user has already paused the reading . Stop This action is particularly useful when the system is writing too many lines to log files , causing KSystemLog to reload too frequently . Opens a file in KSystemLog and displays its content in the current tab . So maybe you should think about it . Maybe . I 'm trying to imagine you as some hotshot killer lawyer .
L845	Fritz is checking the explosives . I 'll check the explosives . You just get the detonators . Yeah , he fought real good , but he 's peaceful now . Biotransformation Olanzapine is metabolized in the liver by conjugative and oxidative pathways . The major circulating metabolite is the 10-N - glucuronide , which does not pass the blood brain barrier . Cytochromes P450- CYP1A2 and P450-CYP2D6 contribute to the formation of the N - desmethyl and 2-hydroxymethyl metabolites , both exhibited significantly less in vivo pharmacological activity than olanzapine in animal studies . The predominant pharmacologic activity is from the parent olanzapine . He 's so mean ! Even his way of having fun ! I have to go now ... How 'd he be doing that ? Did n't he tell you ? Every week , they hold a " dinner for idiots " . They invite an idiot and make fun of him all night ! Your briefcase . I 'm in a hurry . What was tonight 's dinner for ? Were there other guests ? Let 's talk in the elevator . What kind of guests ? Evidence that the conditions set out in paragraph 1 have been fulfilled shall be supplied to the customs authorities of the importing country by the production of : Ichigo ... Go quick . You ... Rukia ... Is that you Rukia ? Yes , it 's me . For not listening to Rukia . Rukia , do n't hate my sister ...
L846	Where are you ? Rukia ! Shinigami . Stop ! An error occurred while updating private key information in the database . Does ... ? Does she like animals ? Yes . Do animals like her ? Oh , yes . Yes . Jefferson Jones , are you flirting with me ? Oh , no , I would n't dare . It 's intriguing to a married woman to find she 's still attractive to the opposite sex . But I ... Yes . I was ... Knocked for a loop ? You said it . " Innocent savagery , " he mumbled , listening to the contradiction of the words as he recalled his ignorance in those days so long ago . But his perceptions had undergone a considerable change . Bruenor and Drizzt , by becoming his friends and teaching him the intricacies of their world , had personalized the people he had previously looked upon merely as enemies , forcing him to face the brutal consequences of his actions . As he neared the perimeter , he saw that there was no Hengorot , no ceremonial Mead Hall , in all the camp . A series of small tents , each bearing the respective standards of the tribal kings , comprised the center of the assembly , surrounded by the open campfires of common soldiers . Two guardsmen came out to meet Wulfgar .
L847	" Who are you that comes unescorted and uninvited to the council of Heafstaag ? " asked one of the guards . He sized up the stranger , greatly impressed by Wulfgar 's obvious strength and by the mighty weapon lying at his feet . " Surely you are no beggar , noble warrior , yet you are unknown to us . " " I am Wulfgar , son of Beornegar , warrior of the Tribe of the Elk . EN 60034 - 14:1996 Note 2.1 Cenelec EN 60051 - 1:1998 Direct acting indicating analogue electrical measuring instruments and their accessories - Part 1 : Definitions and general requirements common to all parts ( IEC 60051 - 1:1997 ) Legal background 3.1 The transparency of business registers is not only an important goal in itself ; it is also a prerequisite for promoting the harmonisation of company law . The interoperability of national registers is essentially an information - related and economic issue , but the proposal must be published in a legal form , because legal requirements can not be disregarded . 3.1.1 Against this backdrop , the first question might be how to reconcile the interests of countries that are traditionally exporters of capital and those that are traditionally importers . The table below gives a broad outline of their main approaches .
L848	On the basis of these approaches , taking account of States ' underlying interests in the longer term intrinsically limits the success of in - depth harmonisation , even if , in the context of the discussions , the issue of the interoperability of business registers , being of a technical nature , might appear less important . Nothing in this Article shall prevent a Member State from making a request to the Member State on whose territory the gateway is located for the lawful interception of telecommunications in accordance with Article 18 , in particular where there is no intermediary in the requesting Member State . Customs authorities put in place analysis and review mechanisms in order to ensure the effectiveness of control procedures throughout the area they are responsible for . The procedures have to be constantly reviewed and updated as necessary to meet new demands . You ever heard of the term " fuck buddy " ? What ? When I was a little girl , I developed early . If the Terran authorities^ would give me a leave of absence to honor my obligation to the Guild - house for their training , then when I had completed it , would I be allowed to continue the work I have been doing for the Terrans ? " " Do you mean that you would spy on us ? " " No , of course not , " Magda said ; the very idea was repellent .
L849	The European Parliament 's Industry , Research and Energy Committee has added further digital service infrastructures for the " Deployment of infrastructures in public transports [ sic ] allowing the use of secure and interoperable mobile proximity services " , the " Online Dispute Resolution Platform " , the " European Platform for Access to Educational Resources " , and " Cross border interoperable electronic invoicing services " . Nevertheless , the EP has introduced very ambitious target transmission speeds ( " 1Gbps where possible and above " ) . The goal of the Digital Agenda for Europe , which is to put a broadband ( high - speed ) digital infrastructure in place which uses both fixed and wireless technologies , will require measures to remove " digital bottlenecks " . In view of the deep cuts in a budget originally set at EUR 9,2 billion and now pruned to EUR 1 billion , the Commission has been forced to make far - reaching changes to projects of common interest for the development of broadband networks and digital service infrastructures . As it has stated in several opinions , the EESC firmly believes that universal access to broadband , as well as being a key factor in the development of modern economies , has also become vital for creating jobs , ensuring greater cohesion and well - being , and securing the e - inclusion of people and entire economically and culturally disadvantaged areas .
L850	It is now clear that no Member State or investor is prepared to fund cross - border services . The added value of EU action is thus high . Article 2 of Regulation ( EEC ) No 1251/70 of the Commission of 29 June 1970 on the right of workers to remain in the territory of a Member State after having been employed in that State ( 5 ) reads as follows : - Nintendo had spontaneously provided the Commission , after John Menzies , with numerous documents on 21 January , 1 April and 15 May 1998 , which had ' contributed' to substantiating the existence of the infringement , improving the Commission 's knowledge of the facts based on its own investigations and on documents provided by John Menzies ( recitals 458 and 459 , first sentence , of the Decision ) ; - those documents had also ' helped' in establishing the participation of several undertakings and the geographical scope of the infringement ( recital 459 , second sentence , of the Decision ) . 175 It follows from those findings that the Commission clearly set out the factors it took into account when reducing the fines on account of the undertakings' cooperation and that the obligation to state reasons was complied with as regards the application of that attenuating circumstance .
L851	176 As regards compliance with the principle of equal treatment , in order to conclude that there is material difference between the respective degrees of cooperation provided by the undertakings , the cooperation provided must be compared from both a chronological point of view , which first entails an examination of the stage at which the cooperation was provided , and a qualitative point of view , which then leads to a comparison of the circumstances in which the undertakings cooperated and the intrinsic value of the information communicated by each of them as part of that cooperation ( see paragraph 172 above ) . 177 As regards , first of all , the stages of the administrative procedure at which the undertakings in question cooperated , it is not disputed in the present case that John Menzies 's effective cooperation slightly precedes that of the applicants' . However , the fact that the applicants in fact began to cooperate with the Commission eight days after John Menzies does not alone justify the fact that the reduction of the fine for cooperation granted to John Menzies is higher than that granted to Nintendo . 179 There is nothing in the Decision or in the documents before the Court to indicate that the date at which John Menzies cooperated and that at which the Commission received information from Nintendo correspond to different stages of the Commission 's investigation .
L852	180 It follows from the foregoing that the Court can not accept the Commission 's argument that the information and documents submitted by Nintendo were of less value than those submitted by John Menzies , as they were provided at a later time . 181 As regards , next , the circumstances in which the undertakings in question cooperated with the Commission , it is clear from the Decision that Nintendo , like John Menzies , spontaneously communicated the documents which helped to establish the existence and geographic scope of the infringement . 182 As regards , lastly , the content of the information provided by John Menzies and Nintendo respectively , it must be observed that , according to the Commission , the letter of 4 April 1996 sent by NOE to John Menzies and John Menzies 's reply of 11 April 1996 ' contributed significantly to establishing the extensive collaboration ... to tighten the control of parallel exports' ( see recital 456 of the Decision ) . It is apparent from the case - file , in particular from the document lodged by the applicants at the hearing , on which the Commission had the opportunity to submit observations ( see paragraph 28 above ) , that those two letters , referred to in recitals 127 to 131 of the Decision , were produced spontaneously not only by John Menzies , but also by Nintendo . It is not fit for you to see , sir .
L853	Look , we 're talking about men 's lives here . Look , Emily , you 're a pretty good deep ocean resource engineer-- When you hired me , you said I was one of the best you 'd ever seen . But whilst they were still altogether , the Lieutenant , addressing Mrs Barnett , said with considerable emotion - " God bless you , madam , for all you have been to us . I do n't wanna play with you any more . Drag onto the page to connect objects in parent - child relationship . Reposition connection Bi - directional Unidirectional objects Print queue Print Contact Object organizationalUnit Organizational Unit We got them head on reporting from the inside than guessing among on the street . They are so helpful . We will want them on every case . I think this is your attempt at enthusiasm . Sergeant . OK , guys , we got to go . Buzz , let 's cover all our bases . Get as many faces in the crowd as you can . Check and see if anyone 's admiring their handiwork ? You got it . Chief , our victims , we got two firemen ... TipCars From our offer Passanger Fiat Seicento ( 37 ) find HERE Fiat Seicento 1.0i Velice hezké
L854	ANNEX II ELECTRICITY PRICES Electricity prices for industrial end - users ( 1 ) to be collected and compiled according to the following methodology : You stole my son . I kept your son alive . Angel will deal with Holtz . I ca n't . You said you 'd do anything for me . Hi . What you got there ? Oh , Mock - na . Which is ... ? A soothing brew to relieve tension . The mud gives it body and flavor . There 's no plock - weed in this dimension ... ... so I made do withcreeping fig and sour grass . Though it is not true Mock - na , it is very close . So it 's mock Mock - na . For a second , I actually thought you gon na eat me . I thought you 're gon na . . . Were you ? Article 3 This Regulation shall enter into force on the day following its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . It shall apply from 1 January 2007 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 21 December 2006 . Respiratory , thoracic and mediastinal disorders : - Very rare : And then he looked back at me Daddy ! That was the happiest day of my life . Come with me . Are you getting this yet ?
L855	We got a lot of bodiesdown here , Ronnie . How ? Broad fucking daylight . I mean , kids and everything . " Five . deemed irrecoverable should be harmonized . ( b ) application of a systematic accounting approach . Examples are the breakdown of one total into various dimensions , such as the supply and use of goods and services by product and by industry ; who produces , who pays and who benefits from a service ; systematic stock - flow accounting ; and consistent accounting in monetary and non - monetary terms . A systematic accounting approach is characterised by consistency and coherence . It also enables bookkeeping analyses based on decomposition , where change in the total is explained in terms of changes in the parts , change in value is explained by changes in volume and price , and changes in stocks are accounted for by the corresponding flows and constant ratios used in input - output analysis . Such bookkeeping analyses can be supplemented with modelling in which economic behaviour is taken into account ; ( c ) linkage to basic national accounting concepts .
L856	( d ) linkage to national accounts statistics ; these are readily available , comparable over time , compiled to common international standards , and place the satellite accounts measures in the context of the national economy and its major components , such as the relationship with economic growth and public finance . Functional classifications Functional classifications classify expenditure by sector , and by the purpose of the expenditure . They illustrate the behaviour of consumers , government , non - profit institutions and producers . ( b ) classification of the functions of government ( COFOG ) ; ( d ) classification of outlays of producers by purpose ( COPP ) . Oh ... ( laughs ) I just wanted to thank you . Gosh , you look great . Listen , I got to run . Well , thank ... I 'm glad you did it , though . Oh , my God , he ... He issomething else . What 's the occasion ? A thank you . And I wrote him a check . He know about dad 's pension ? The surplus in the supply of emissions allowances is largely the result of the unexpectedly severe economic crisis and a large use of international credits . A structural reform of the ETS is urgently needed in order to make the ETS a strong incentive for low carbon investment .
L857	The surplus of allowances needs to be taken off the market and the remaining rights must be linked to future CO 2 emission reduction targets , which will be necessary to achieve the EU 's goal of a low carbon economy in 2050 . It states that the conditions set out in that report in order for a finding to be made that no State aid within the meaning of Article 87(1 ) EC is involved were not complied with in the present case . 20 Ruling on the question of whether the sale of BB to GRAWE constitutes State aid , the Commission firstly points out that the resources of the Province of Burgenland ( which is one of nine provinces in Austria ) must be regarded as ' granted by a Member State or through State resources' . Furthermore , the Commission notes GRAWE 's international activities , so that any advantage from State resources would adversely affect competition in the banking sector and have an impact on intra - Community trade . As for the question of whether GRAWE received a selective advantage , the Commission points out that it must be established whether the Province of Burgenland behaved like any seller operating in a market economy ( private vendor test ) .
L858	24 In the light of all those considerations , the Commission held that the competent Austrian authority did not behave as a market economy seller . 25 In the context of examination of the arguments submitted by the Republic of Austria regarding the relevance of Ausfallhaftung , the Commission adds that , even if the Province of Burgenland could have taken that guarantee into account as a criterion for evaluating the offers , GRAWE 's offer was not the best one . ' Article 1 The State aid unlawfully granted by Austria , in breach of Article 88(3 ) [ EC ] , in favour of GRAWE is incompatible with the common market . In the light of those factors , I therefore consider that the provision at issue does not fall within the scope of Regulation No 97/81 and that there is thus no need to answer the second question . What 's your name ? Keiko . Do you have an I-9 ? I-9 ? Load ' eminto the van . Hey , it 's me . Uh , and I'm -- I'm sorry about kissing you . I 'm not . So ... They 've been in there 36 hours . Got anything ? It hurts that you 'd accuse me like that . And then I do n't want to have wasted all my time , so I want to believe them .
L859	I know . Fuck ! What 's so stupid about it ? You do n't even know the guy . Well , you know him . From what you 've told me , I do n't know . I 've just started , really . Do you have children yourself ? I have a son . He 's 15 . I wanted to be a writer once . I do n't write anymore . Why not ? European Commission - European Judicial Network - Service of documents - France THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 03 - 05 - 2005 Service of documents - France TABLE OF CONTENTS What does the legal term " service of documents " mean in practical terms ? Which documents need to be served formally ? Who is responsible for serving a document ? What happens when in exceptional cases service to the addressee himself is not possible ( e.g. because he is not at home ) ? Is there any written proof that the document has been served ? Can the service of the document nevertheless be valid ? What was the theme ?
L860	Okay , get to it . No one cares . Oregon sucks . Do I have your permission ? Yup . I have to know . No , Aurora . ¡ Aurora ! Let them go ! The next dies ! Come with us . The red agent died because of you I do not want anyone to die by my What the hell you doing ? What 's wrong with you ? Why he was shot ? Do you want to kill us ? Why not let me go ? Bye . EN Official Journal of the European Union C 6/5 JUDGMENT OF THE COURT ( Grand Chamber ) of 16 November 2004 in Case C-245/02 ( reference for a preliminary ruling from the Korkein oikeus ) : Anheuser - Busch Inc v Budějovický Budvar , národní podnik ( 1 ) ( Agreement establishing the World Trade Organisation - Articles 2(1 ) , 16(1 ) and 70 of the TRIPs Agreement - Trade marks - Scope of the proprietor 's exclusive right to the trade mark - Alleged use of the sign as a trade name ) ( 2005/C 6/08 ) Stilgar 's mind would be speculating about the loathsome habits of Guildsmen , of Tleilaxu and of gholas . This is da Vinci 's Last Supper . This is Monte Cassino , founded in 529 by Saint Benedict . This is Monte Cassino in March , after we dropped 20 tons of explosives on it .
L861	And that lives are lost , and with them , oftentimes , their greatest achievements . Yes , sir . There 's something more . This is the Ghent Altarpiece . Now , while we must and we will , sir , win this war , we should also remember the high price that will be paid if the very foundation of modern society is destroyed . Let 's look at where we are now . It 's not that it bothered me but I do n't know what to think ... Yep ! And now to celebrate Daniel 's departure ... ... I announce the big parade ! So long as her heart 's cut out , they do n't care what tool you use . Well , I 've been thinking about a way to protect our interests , and test Teresa Colvin 's loyalty at the same time . So , the question is , how do we best deploy what we already have ? Yes . Um , Alderman Gibbons is here . Needs to speak to you right away . Gentlemen , thank you . Thank you . Nice to see you . I 'm sorry for showing up unannounced like this . I tried to stop 'em , but .. Well , that 's when the Colonel .. the motherfucker stole my one - ski idea and had the mountain declared a private skiing academy . Then we was all back on the slushy hill .
L862	Pretend I 'm not tired , bitter and drunk ? It 's the guys from the cafe . Yeah . Be polite . Let me buy you brahsa couple of glasses of suds . I 'm a man . Bras are what are used to hold up women 's breasts . Volume of imports 21 . On the basis of Eurostat data , the volume of imports of the product concerned from India was insignificant throughout the period considered . It also covers the purchase of teaching and technical equipment for staff training . What do I mean ? I mean underpants , mister ! Hysterical - type things ? Airman Cronauer requesting you to elaborate , sir . General wackiness like that . nRoar . This sound , when you accelerate , probably comes from a hole in the muffler or exhaust pipes . Have the system repaired immediately . Not only is this a traffic violation in many states , but t The hole allows poisonous carbon - monoxide gas to escape -- possibly into the passenger compartment . WHEN YOU VISIT a mechanic , make sure your description is specific . Is it constant or periodic ? Did it develop suddenly ? Is it present at high speeds or low ? When the engine is hot or cold ? In a particular gear or while shifting ? Try mimicking the noise . But do n't say , `` It must be coming from the ----- . ''
L863	( b ) networks that are functionally separate from the rest of the railway system and intended only for the operation of local , urban or suburban passenger services , as well as railway undertakings operating solely on these networks ; ( c ) privately owned railway infrastructure and vehicles exclusively used on such infrastructure that exist solely for use by the owner for its own freight operations ; ( d ) infrastructure and vehicles reserved for a strictly local , historical or touristic use . The report shall include information on the activities of the various bodies responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Agreement , including on fulfilment of obligations under Title VIII of Part IV of the Agreement and on activities with civil society advisory groups . Do n't look back . just run . That 's my mother . If we 're gon na find their weakness , we need to find out where they 're from , which planet . So , judging by their basic shape , that narrows it down to 5,000 planets within travelling distance . Information ! They 're green . Yep , narrows it down . The pig technology . Narrows it down . You said " slipstream engine . " Narrows it down . They hunt like it 's a ritual . " I know that all of this must seem very obvious , Damien . I know . But at the time I could not see It .
L864	No , I see it most often in the little things , Damien : in the senseless , petty spites ; the misunderstandings ; the cruel and cutting word that leaps unbidden to the tongue between friends . Between lovers . Enough of these , " Merrin whispered , " and we have no need of Satan to manage our wars ; these we manage for ourselves ... for ourselves .... " The lilting singing could still be heard in the bedroom . Merrin looked up at the door and listened for a moment . " And yet even from this--- from evil--- will come good . In some way . It runs on steam ! Meet the family . Clara , you know . Hi , Marty ! These are our boys : What does that mean ? Stand back ! All right , boys , buckle up ! Where are you going now ? Who 's gon na make us , tenderfoot ? Six , including yours . But ... Excuse me . This ... is how far I 've come . He could be prevailed upon to recuse himself for various reasons . Real papers . How did that young lawyer take the news ? The thing is , sir , he did everything right . He proved the case . - Did he ? Surprisingly , he did . What would you do ? Why , they 're , um , ... from West Africa . No .
L865	Its activity is based on the contractual arrangements of insurance companies and is paid for by them . The way the Board handles matters is organised along the same lines as those of the Consumer Complaints Board . Financial and Debt Advice Service Agreements between an individual and his creditors may be able to be renegotiated by the Financial and Debt Advice Service . The adjustment of an individual 's debts may also involve agreements to resolve disputes . The Financial and Debt Advice Service is a statutory national service . The service gives individuals information and advice on managing their finances and debts . Where necessary , it assists in financial management planning and explains possible ways for a debtor to resolve his financial problems . The debtor is also given assistance in reaching an agreement with creditors on debt readjustment . An individual applies to the Service in his district of residence . Key information on the Finance and Debt Advice Service can be found on the National Consumer Administration web site . Family disputes Arbitration on Family Matters is carried out chiefly within social services . The objective may simply be a social goal such as achieving a balance in family life or it may be to make legal arrangements when agreeing on custody of children , visiting rights and maintenance , for example . A. I was stunned . Ten years ago , his fiancée died . That should make him motivated . Mm - hmm .
L866	Well , he could be using the cartel 's expertise to get bioweapons into the States . Public Health reported an anthrax hit on a sensor by the airport . Sounds like a good place for a furniture warehouse . No , no , no , change of plans . Furniture importers are sedentary . Hey . Hey . Hey , buddy . Howdy . Hi . Hello . The second I go out of town you throw a Christmas party without me ? Yeah , kind of . Hey , how 's your sister ? That 's wonderful . So you 're at the hospital ? No , she chose to have a home birth ... because she wants to live in the Stone Age and a cave was n't available . You know , many people believe that home births are better because the mother is in a warm , comfortable environment where she can be nurtured by loved ones . And turn the bedroom floor into an amniotic Slip ' n Slide . I - I'm fine with that . I mean , I 've already moved on . I 'm cool . Hate the game ... not the playah . I 'll drink to that . Please . I insist . I 'm serious . I 'm like a drug - Sniffing dog with a hard - On for justice . Yeah . Father . Now get outta here . What ? What ?
L867	Maybe it 's just old pipes . You can totally put it in my ass right now . What , you scared ? Pussy . Oh , my God ! What ? What ? No , I want to know what 's in there . Now , my parents were supportive , but they were n't going to shell out the cash for that . So I thought , how am I going to get a professional picture of me and the dummy taken ? And then it finally hit me-- school picture day . There it is . That is Justin Bieber hair , damn it . This was the bicentennial year in our country-- 1976 . I was a patriotic lad , but I did n't want to dress like Uncle Sam . No , apparently I wanted to dress like a Fourth of July picnic table cover . Why is that funny ? Well , the rest of my life I 'm going to be talking with my mouth shut , so what 's the point ? ( laughter ) I know most of you look at these photos and think , this is the saddest human being we 've ever met . Did he have any friends ? Yes , I did . So , why are you still awake ? I 'm still trying to figure out what 's bothering Lisa . I do n't know .
L868	What are you doing ? lan quinn . I 'm your last - minute party crasher . Skye . Oh . great to meet you . They 're a group of hackers . You 're kidding me , right ? So sorry . Are you okay ? You want to sit down ? My lips are blue . Cyanosis . ( PANTING ) Pain in my back and chest . Spontaneous pneumothorax . What are you talking about ? You are ? And I need a doctor . You drool . Elevator 's broken . It was fine when I came up from Admitting . I swear . " Live and die on this day " " Live and die " " on this day " Surrounded by my own . Ex - cons , fugitives , drifters , assholes . Men unfit for mankind . I want to see your face , feel your hands in mine , feel you against me . You left me , and I ca n't get you back . I move like I imagine the damned do , cursed . And I feel like it 's only a matter of time . We 're here for the night , just kind of a family getaway . Oh . You quit us , remember ? Darling , you need some help with those ? No , no , I got 'em .
L869	Bread and a plate . Carter , hope you 're hungry . Gary ? What the hell is he doing here ? They 've been coming for years . They what ? It 's getting late . Thank you . Damn beans . Hold it , Egan . Where the helldo you think you 're going ? I got your permission , Mother ? Nobody goes without a guard . I 'll go . Wait a minute . Lucky . The countersign ? Darling . Let 's go ! They are . Gun training -- I hate it . Yeah , why do you only remember what I say when it benefits you ? Your question had the answer built right in . And if she did , she 'd have the skills . A vessel carrying out fishing activities in the NEAFC Regulatory Area shall transmit a VMS position report to NEAFC via its Flag State FMC in accordance with regulatory requirements . Whilst fishing on the Greenlandic quota within the NEAFC RCA the Flag State FMC shall specifically arrange for the results of hourly polling of the vessel 's VMS position report to be transmitted to the Greenland FMC in near real time . The Court of First Instance alone has jurisdiction to examine how in each particular case the Commission appraised the gravity of unlawful conduct by reference to the Treaty competition rules .
L870	Member States ' and users' experts will be consulted on the level of service they expect to be provided in order for the Commission to finalise arrangements well in advance of the go - live date . " Who played her part in your version ? " " An American actress , Alice Brady . " " We have all these horses . " Durnik shrugged . " Why swing it around ? " " Because the hole 's in the bow . Oh , look at this . Hey , that 's me . Henry , are you losing what 's left of your goddamned mind ? You mean , you gon na leave me here all alone ? All alone ? Hey baby , there 's Jim , there is Lilly . Lilly , sometimes I think you could use one too . Four whiskeys . Look Hank , why do n't you go tomorrow . We just met . When you ran off like this , I feel you 're trying to get away from me . Hey , baby . What are you doing ? ! Get out of my car . Let me go ! Okay , okay . Say , " I 'm a rude , arrogant bastard who needs to treat women with courtesy and respect ! " How does the rest of it go ? Freeze ! Was this man trying to steal your car ? It 's my car !
L871	I want to marry this woman . Even if it was urgent , how could he lie like that ? How is he going to handle it later ? I 'm here ! Oh , you came ? Why are you talking to yourself ? No matter how much I think about it , I felt this is dangerous so I raced over here . What 's dangerous ? What do you mean what ? You and Jin Ho . No matter who looks at the 2 of you , you look like you 're dating , not friends . Hey , how can Jin Ho and I be dating ? Right after Chang Ryul calls , the 2 of you go on about training and such ... That 's because I just wanted to practice getting revenge on Chang Ryul . British United Air Ferries announce the departure of their VF400 flight to Geneva . Mr Bond ! I 've got you booked on the next flight to Geneva , leaving in half an hour . Right , sir . Discipline , 007 . Discipline . Are you all right ? Here , let me help you . I 'm so glad it 's the car and not you . You do n't look like a girl who should be ditched . Never mind that . I 'll take that .
L872	Look , man ... I 'm just trying to get home . Yeah , I understand you 're trying to get home , but listen to me ... we ca n't help you , okay ? He 's having himself a peek - a - boo party with you as the star . If you would just listen to me ... I think that truck is coming back . Tex ... did you see him up there ? Listen , mister , I got some people hurt down here , and I need your help . Day before yesterday , I had to eat a fucking rat raw ... and some berries that tasted ... tasted like they 'd been thrown up once already . They 'll be dead soon . Come on . - Aah ! Aah ! Girls , sorry to butt in , but looks like you had yours elf another little mishap . Ruckus , ruckus . My nap is just a goner . Mopping up , which means you ai n't caught 'em all yet , just like last time . I bet you he irons his underwear . I bet you he waits 30 minutes after eating before swimming . Yeah , and I bet you he made his boy wear that tie . She had Colorado plates . All right , hey , everybody . Hope everybody had a good drive in , 10:00 tour . Okay , welcome to Meet Middleton !
L873	Sex ( M / F ) No , no , no , no , no , no , no . I do believe Marsellus , my husband , your boss , told you to take me out and do whatever I wanted . And now I wanna dance , I wanna win , I want that trophy . You asked for it . let 's meet our first contestants here this evening . Go for it ! That 's a little bit more information than I needed , Vince , but go right ahead . Do n't be rude . Drink your drink , but do it quickly . Say good night and go home . Because being loyal is very important . Hello . Walk out the door , get in the car , go home , jerk off and that 's all you gon na do . All right , Mia . So , listen , I got ta go . All right ? The first ground of appeal is therefore admissible . I was trying to hear about the fire . Pick me self . That will be all . Move and I 'll kill you . There is no time to explain . We have to get out of here . How did you know they are coming for me You took a great risk , thank you . I 'm just sorry I could n't help them all . Wait , I need your help .
L874	You do n't need to lie to me . You do n't know I 'm not spy for Uther . In the situations referred to in Article 33(1 ) , excise goods shall move between the territories of the various Member States under cover of an accompanying document listing the main data from the document referred to in Article 21(1 ) . The Commission shall , in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 43(2 ) , adopt measures establishing the form and content of the accompanying document . Are you hurt ? No doubt . I think we had . Will you see the other rooms ? We 've seen enough . That is , unless Madame would like to see more . Very well . When Mme Grosnay decides , we 'll be in touch . Yes , I 'd like to send you a book on astrology , if you 're interested . Do n't bother . No bother if I know how to get in touch . Through our office . As you wish . The agreement between licensor and licensee is subject to the TTBER whereas agreements concluded between a licensee and buyers are subject to the Vertical Block Exemption and the Guidelines on Vertical Restraints ( 36 ) . The TTBER also block exempts agreements between the licensor and the licensee where the agreement imposes obligations on the licensee as to the way in which he must sell the products incorporating the licensed technology .
L875	Furthermore , distributors must in principle be free to sell both actively and passively into territories covered by the distribution systems of other licensees producing their own products on the basis of the licensed technology . This is because for the purposes of the Vertical Block Exemption each licensee is a separate supplier . When the products incorporating the licensed technology are sold under a common brand identity there may be the same efficiency reasons for applying the same types of restraints between licensees' distribution systems as within a single vertical distribution system . In such cases the EFTA Surveillance Authority would be unlikely to challenge restraints where by analogy the requirements of the Vertical Block Exemption are fulfilled . For a common brand identity to exist the products must be sold and marketed under a common brand , which is predominant in terms of conveying quality and other relevant information to the consumer . It does not suffice that in addition to the licensees' brands the product carries the licensor 's brand , which identifies him as the source of the licensed technology . The system of interconnection of officially appointed mechanisms shall be composed of : the mechanisms referred to in Article 21(2 ) , the portal serving as the European electronic access point . Is he the caretaker ? Are you the caretaker ? Is he a transient ? No , not exactly . Tell him to show himself . Show yourself ! I must warn you that I am armed .
L876	Hello ? Listen ! Cut the crap , okay ? Okay , okay . I've - a seen videos , and I feel very confident with - a my knowledge ... I could do it , no problem . Then you can handle this ? I came back here to make it right . I loved you . I loved you so much . I never forgot that , ever . Easy now . Shut up ! Easy now . Bitch ! Carl . It 's almost dawn . Wake up the big girl . It 's feeding time . CARL : Copy that . Hundreds of millions of years of evolution perfected these babies . No ! You do n't have to do this . That is , these costs are financed from public sector funds raised through taxation or fines or fees regulated by law , without going through an application process which might result in their being unsuccessful in obtaining funds . Organisations that depend on state funding for their existence and receive grants year after year , but for which there exists at least the theoretical possibility that they may fail to receive money in a given year are considered to be private organisations . Germany United Kingdom Union TAC Not relevant Analytical TAC Article 3 of Regulation ( EC ) No 847/96 shall not apply Article 4 of Regulation ( EC ) MARKETING AUTHORISATION HOLDER Wait ! Sutherland . No , No .
L877	Contention ! Subject : Dutch Government 's plans to abolish compensation for private copying Answer from the Commission ( 26 January 2012 ) E-010728/11 ( PL ) Elżbieta Katarzyna Łukacijewska ( PPE ) to the Commission ( 21 November 2011 ) Subject : Impact of the Habitats Directive Answer from the Commission ( 9 January 2012 )
L878	Second plea in law , being a plea for annulment under Article 263 TFUE , seeking the annulment of Council Decision ( CFSP ) 2015/556 of 7 April 2015 amending Council Decision 2010/413/CFSP ( JO L 92 , p. 101 ) and Council Implementing Regulation ( EU ) 2015/549 of 7 April 2015 implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 267/2012 ( OJ L 92 , p. 12 ) concerning restrictive measures against Iran , in so far as they apply to the applicants . The applicants bring forward that the said Decision and Implementing Regulation , first , lack an adequate legal basis , second , involve manifest errors of assessment , third , lack a sufficient factual basis , fourth , breach the applicant 's rights of defence and their entitlement to reasons , fifth , breach the applicant 's rights to an effective remedy , the principle of ne bis in idem and the general principle of legitimate expectation , and , sixth , violate without justification or proportion , the applicant 's fundamental rights , in particular their rights to property and to conduct a business . EN Official Journal of the European Union C 294/77 Action brought on 25 June 2015 - Windrush Aka v OHIM - Dammers ( The Specials ) Language in which the application was lodged : English Parties Applicant : Windrush Aka LLP ( London , United Kingdom ) ( represented by : S. Malynicz , Barrister and S. Britton , Solicitor ) No !
L879	If anybody asks , we were nowhere near that bell . I always heard Philly was a tough town , but sheesh . This is n't the life he built , the life he deserves . He feeds me , he bathes me . He does everything but breathe for me . Believe me , he 'd do that if he could . He 's 37 years old . He deserves happiness . We all deserve some happiness . Defendant : Council of the European Union Form of order sought Declare the applicant 's action admissible and well founded ; In consequence , annul Decision 2011/782/CFSP of 1 December 2011 and Regulation ( EU ) No 36/2012 of 18 January 2012 and their subsequent implementing acts , insofar as they concern the applicant ; This Agreement shall remain in force for the duration of the Swiss Confederation 's contribution to the operation . Done at Brussels , on 22 December 2004 in the English language in four copies .
L880	However , on the day of the appointment of the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy , the term of office of the member having the same nationality as the High Representative shall end . TITLE V PROVISIONS CONCERNING THE SECRETARY - GENERAL OF THE COUNCIL , HIGH REPRESENTATIVE FOR THE COMMON FOREIGN AND SECURITY POLICY , AND THE DEPUTY SECRETARY - GENERAL OF THE COUNCIL Article 6 The terms of office of the Secretary - General of the Council , High Representative for the common foreign and security policy , and the Deputy Secretary - General of the Council shall end on the date of entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon . The Council shall appoint a Secretary - General in conformity with Article 240(2 ) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union . Five permanent - party noncoms , one from each of the cruisers , patted us down , checked our IDs and turned us over to a Corporation screening clerk . Sheri giggled when the Russian 's pat hit a sensitive spot and whispered , " What do they think we 're smuggling in , Rob ? " The Corporation woman had taken our landing cards from the Chinese Spec/3 in charge of the detail and was calling out our names . There were eight of us altogether .
L881	He 'll help you get straightened out with a place to live , answer your questions , let you know where to report for the medical and your classes . You 've each had eleven hundred and fifty dollars deducted from your cash on deposit with the ship that brought you here ; that 's your life - support tax for the first ten days . Your proctor will show you how . The middle - aged black man from Baja California raised his hand . " Your proctor is Shota Tarasvili . " Here I am . " " Dane Metchnikov , " said the Corporation clerk . I started to look around , but the person who had to be Dane Metchnikov was already coming toward me . " ANNEX VI INTERNAL PRODUCTION CONTROL PLUS TESTS ( Module Aa , option 1 ) 08.12.2003 21:48 Two L410UVP , registered in Guinea , operating as 3X - GDK and 3X - GDL in Mali . Look at ( illegal ? ) instalation of fuel tanks under the wings next to the engine . These past three days , I 've woken up and it 's the same day . It 's the same time , it 's the same place , it 's the same damn traffic report . I am living today over and over again . What are you talking about ?
L882	Yeah . Can I have one ? Eighteen . Can I have one now ? No . You probably want me to keep my mouth shut . Well , Manuel 's taco stand caught on fire , and Rodrigo the Doctor seems to have some misplaced cash . Cigarette ? Light ? You learn a lot from watching . Very funny . Was ? Hey , uh , you need to move your car ... it 's my day to have the parking spot . What are you doing ? Therefore , the Commission is prepared to consider declaring risk capital measures providing for investment tranches exceeding the threshold of EUR 1,5 million per enterprise per year compatible with the common market , provided the necessary evidence of the market failure is submitted' . 4.6.2 . Temporary adaptation of the existing rules The turmoil on the financial market has had a negative effect on the risk capital market for early growth SMEs by tightening the availability of risk capital . Due to the currently greatly increased risk perception associated with risk capital linked with uncertainties resulting from possibly lower yield expectations , investors are currently tending to invest in safer assets the risks of which are easier to assess as compared to those associated with risk capital investments . Furthermore the illiquid nature of risk capital investments has proven to be a further disincentive for investors .
L883	This intervention is needed to ensure that adults who left school without adequate formal qualifications and who wish to restart or continue their basic education at any time throughout their lives , should be supported with adequate and innovative learning pathways and with opportunities for the acquisition of competences through work - based training offers . The need for such intervention is even greater in the context of the rapid pace of change in the workplace and in skills needed for success there . Stakeholders found that compared to other areas of learning , the contribution and benefits of the adult learning sector are not well researched , debated or published . Furthermore , the development of adult learning opportunities is not keeping pace with the needs of individuals and society . I got what I wanted . A real first date . Although this may be the worst possible time to admit it ... ... I 'm not good at the no - sex thing . Hey , if you insist on celibacy ... ... do you think we can haveour second official date on July 7 ? Because my sister is getting married . And it would be great ... ... if you 'd come with me . But I 'm gon na walk away ... ... because ... You know , it was really cool of you to call , Alexis . Yeah , I heard you quit . Oh , no , no , no , I just ... A sabbatical .
L884	The type - approval number shall be used only in conjunction with the associated type - approval . Article 8 Manufacturer 's declaration Each unit of equipment shall be accompanied by a manufacturer 's declaration . If a new type test is granted , a new type - approval number shall be assigned . Management As rivastigmine has a plasma half - life of about 1 hour and a duration of acetylcholinesterase inhibition of about 9 hours , it is recommended that in cases of asymptomatic overdose no further dose of rivastigmine should be administered for the next 24 hours . In overdose accompanied by severe nausea and vomiting , the use of antiemetics should be considered . Symptomatic treatment for other adverse reactions should be given as necessary . In massive overdose , atropine can be used . An initial dose of 0.03 mg / kg intravenous atropine sulphate is recommended , with subsequent doses based on clinical response . Use of scopolamine as an antidote is not recommended . Kill it . Whoa . Hello , Sheila . Did n't hear you coming . It 's my new gardening clogs . They 're super stealthy , but they do smell bad after the rain . Good to know . Dig it out by its roots . It 's weak . It sets a bad precedent for the others . Have you seen my roses across the street , George ? They 're winners , each one perfect , and why ?
L885	Because I deadhead the losers . I do n't do it because it 's fun , although it is . I do it so I can make the whole garden shine . They 're coming . I 'm getting too close . I know what went down now . Hellman , Allen and Argento are involved . In order to determine whether Íslenskt sement ehf . paid a price of the State 's shares below their market value , the Authority entrusted an independent expert with the assessment of the market value of Sementsverksmiðjan hf . at the time the sale took place . The independent expert assessed the market value of the company once the whole transaction was completed , taking into account the undertaking which continues operations . This means that the independent expert assessed the market value of Sementsverksmiðjan hf . after the National Treasury of Iceland had re - purchased some assets of the company which were not necessary for cement production ( 13 ) , and the Ministry of Finance had taken over pension - related liabilities of the company . In other words , the independent expert assessed the market value of what Íslenskt sement ehf . really purchased , i.e. the shares in a stripped - off company .
L886	Once the operational value had been established , any asset added that did not belong to the core activity ( such as any financial asset ) represented an addition to the value , and any liability ( such as any debt or other financial obligation ) represented a reduction . On this basis , upon the request made by the independent expert , the Icelandic authorities were asked to produce two scenarios , Scenario I that assumed cement imports to Iceland at 30 % of the total market , and Scenario II that assumed no import . Scenario I ( so - called pessimistic scenario ) produced a negative net present value ( hereinafter NPV ) of future free cash flows of approximately ISK 1 000 million , and Scenario II ( so - called optimistic scenario ) a positive NPV of future free cash flows of approximately ISK 200 million . Adjusting the NPV measures by subtracting long - term debt and adding excess net current assets , the Icelandic Government arrived at estimated equity values of ISK - 897 million for Scenario I , and ISK 307 million for Scenario II . Capacity utilisation was decisive for the variation in outcome . Variable production cost per tonne were estimated to amount to ISK 5 749 in years with full capacity utilisation ( 130 000 tonnes ) to ISK 7 479 in years with very low capacity utilisation ( 70 000 tonnes ) .
L887	I 'm a marked man in this department . For what ? I 've already arranged a transfer . To where ? China ? No , just a division . He used to hang out in the BCI washroom . 2007 - Czech airlines press conference on economic results for Q3 2007 You 've been unreachable for a day . I 'll call you back . And your assistant wo n't look me in the eye . I think it 's time you told me what 's going on . The board called an emergency meeting . I 've been trying to figure out who 's behind it . Is it Atkinson ? Well , it 's everyone . Do they , uh ... Do you think they have the votes ? Just wait a little longer . Do n't you love the fresh air and the beauty out here ? You say my clothes are in your guest room ? " " Yes . And you are most welcome . " " Is there a tub of hot water nearby ? " " Oh , certainly . " " Then I 'll ask for another beer and that hot tub and about ten hours ' sleep . I 've been arrested before .
L888	83 In particular , Article 63(9 ) requires Terna to send to the AEEG and to dispatching service users , in respect of essential installations which they own : ( i ) a report stating the reasons why generating installations in the group have been included on the list ; ( ii ) the times of year and circumstances in which Terna predicts that each of those installations will prove vital for the security of the system , specifying which installations are concerned ; ( iii ) the main operating parameters laid down and the periods in question in the following calendar year , during which those parameters should be shown to be correct on the basis of Terna 's predictions ; and ( iv ) an estimate of the probable use of the generating installations , and of all the other installations belonging to a group , during the periods in which they might prove vital for ensuring the secure operation of the electricity system , calculated separately , so far as is possible , for each of the parameters envisaged . 84 On the basis of that information , the user of the dispatching service must inform Terna , at least 12 hours before the time - limit expires for submitting bids on the day - ahead market , which of the units belonging to the installations essential for the purpose of resolving network congestion will be used to carry out the dispatching obligations .
L889	Costs 90 Since these proceedings are , for the parties to the main proceedings , a step in the action pending before the national court , the decision on costs is a matter for that court . Costs incurred in submitting observations to the Court , other than the costs of those parties , are not recoverable . On those grounds , the Court ( Second Chamber ) hereby rules : Directive 2003/54/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2003 concerning common rules for the internal market in electricity and repealing Directive 96/92/EC and , in particular , Article 3(2 ) and Article 11(2 ) and ( 6 ) of that directive must be interpreted as not precluding national legislation , such as that at issue in the main proceedings , which , for the purposes of reducing the price of electricity in the interests of the end consumer and of ensuring the security of the electricity system , imposes on operators which own installations or groups of installations which are considered , on the basis of the criteria laid down by the national regulatory authority , to be essential in order to meet the requirements of the demand for electricity of dispatching services , the obligation to submit bids on the national electricity markets in accordance with conditions pre - determined by that authority , provided that that legislation does not go beyond what is necessary in order to attain the objective which it pursues .
L890	It is for the national court to ascertain whether that condition is met in the case before it . ( Copyright - Directive 2001/29/EC - Article 4(1 ) - Distribution to the public by sale or otherwise of the original of a work or a copy thereof - Use of reproductions of copyright - protected furniture as items of furniture exhibited in a sales area and in display windows - No transfer of ownership or possession ) Summary of the Judgment Approximation of laws - Copyright and related rights - Directive 2001/29 - Harmonisation of certain aspects of copyright and related rights in the information society - Distribution rights ( European Parliament and Council Directive 2001/29 , Art . 4(1 ) ) The concept of distribution to the public , otherwise than through sale , of the original of a work or a copy thereof , for the purpose of Article 4(1 ) of Directive 2001/29/EC on the harmonisation of certain aspects of copyright and related rights in the information society , applies only where there is a transfer of the ownership of that object . As a result , neither granting to the public the right to use reproductions of a work protected by copyright nor exhibiting to the public those reproductions without actually granting a right to use them can constitute such a form of distribution .
L891	The wording of the provisions relating to the exhaustion of the right of distribution in the Copyright Treaty and Directive 2001/29 points to the same conclusion . Thus , since Article 4(2 ) of that directive provides for the exhaustion of the distribution right within the Community in respect of the original or copies of the work on the first sale or other transfer of ownership , the same interpretation should be given to the term ' otherwise' in Article 4(1 ) , because the two provisions form a whole . Those findings are not affected by recitals 9 to 11 in the preamble to Directive 2001/29 , which state that harmonisation of copyright must take as a basis a high level of protection , that authors have to receive an appropriate reward for the use of their work and that the system for the protection of copyright must be rigorous and effective . That protection can be achieved only within the framework put in place by the Community legislature . ( see paras 31 - 38 , 41 , operative part ) JUDGMENT OF THE COURT ( Fourth Chamber ) In order to allow competent authorities to monitor , pursuant to Article 21 , the activities of investment firms to ensure that they act honestly , fairly and professionally and in a manner which promotes the integrity of the market , ESMA and the competent authorities shall establish the necessary arrangements in order to ensure that :
L892	( a ) ESMA and the competent authorities effectively receive the instrument reference data pursuant to paragraph 1 ; ( b ) the quality of the data so received is appropriate for the purpose of transaction reporting under Article 21 ; The total descent during this activity . Avg . pace : The average time per distance unit during this activity . Careful , Alison . The effects are profound . Open his mouth . I 'm involved in counterfeiting some money ! Big deal ! If I get caught ... ... I could do 30 years . Tanley is a killer ! He killed her sister . When he 's done , he 'll probably kill you ! When are you to meet him ? Ten minutes . Each piglet to be treated on day 3 - 5 of life with a single oral dose of 20 mg toltrazuril / kg body weight corresponding to 0,4 ml oral suspension per kg body weight . Malta Ceva Santé Animale Z.I. La Ballastière 33500 Libourne FRANCE CEVAZURIL 50 mg / ml Suspensjoni orali għal ħnienes Oral suspension 50 mg toltrazuril / ml Piglets Individual animal treatment . Each piglet to be treated on day 3 - 5 of life with a single oral dose of 20 mg toltrazuril / kg body weight corresponding to 0,4 ml oral suspension per kg body weight .
L893	Poland Ceva Santé Animale Z.I. La Ballastière 33500 Libourne FRANCE CEVAZURIL 50 mg / ml , zawiesina doustna dla prosiąt Oral suspension 50 mg toltrazuril / ml Piglets Individual animal treatment . Portugal Ceva Santé Animale Z.I. La Ballastière 33500 Libourne FRANCE CEVAZURIL 50 mg / ml , suspensão oral para leitões Oral suspension 50 mg toltrazuril / ml Piglets Individual animal treatment . Each piglet to be treated on day 3 - 5 of life with a single oral dose of 20 mg toltrazuril / kg body weight corresponding to 0,4 ml oral suspension per kg body weight . Romania Ceva Santé Animale Z.I. La Ballastière 33500 Libourne FRANCE CEVAZURIL 50 mg / ml , Suspensie orală pentru purceii Oral suspension 50 mg toltrazuril / ml Piglets Individual animal treatment . Each piglet to be treated on day 3 - 5 of life with a single oral dose of 20 mg toltrazuril / kg body weight corresponding to 0.4 ml oral suspension per kg body weight . Slovakia Ceva Santé Animale Z.I. La Ballastière 33500 Libourne FRANCE CEVAZURIL 50 mg / ml , Perorálna suspenzia pre prasiatka Oral suspension 50 mg toltrazuril / ml Piglets Individual animal treatment . Each piglet to be treated on day 3 - 5 of life with a single oral dose of 20 mg toltrazuril / kg body weight corresponding to 0.4 ml oral suspension per kg body weight .
L894	You do n't have to go , he told his reflection . Yet deep in his heart he knew he had no choice . If he refused it would be a second snub to Call Jace , and that would mean total enmity . And even if they ignored him , everyone would know that Kaelin Ring was too frightened to walk into the mountains and face Call Jace . He recalled the words of Jaim Grymauch : ' Always listen to fear , Kaelin . Never be ruled by it . Fear is like a cowardly friend . His advice is not always wrong , but , given the chance , he will drag you down into the pit he dwells in . ' Discarding his own clothes he dressed and pulled on a knee - length pair of moccasins and strapped on a belt containing a powder horn , a pouch of lead shot , and a nine - inch hunting knife . Retrieving the Emburleys , he loaded them and placed them in his belt . If any beetlebacks were patrolling the mountain roads he would be arrested and hanged for sure . However , that information may be given in summary form and the decision is not necessarily required to be a replica of the statement of objections , ( 32 ) since the statement of objections is a preparatory document containing assessments of fact and of law which are purely provisional in nature .
L895	And the Internet is great for collecting words , because the Internet 's full of collectors . the recipe for lexicography . Is n't that great ? but the problem with some of them is that they 're not scientific enough . What newspaper was it in ? What book ? Because a word is like an archaeological artifact . So a word without its source is like a cut flower . You know -- it 's pretty to look at for a while , but then it dies . It dies too fast . General Info : I wondered if you were asleep . Perhaps , I 'll never come back . Anna , and Amy . She 'll be 2 next month . She 's very pretty . Kids are great , do n't you think ? Yes . Two ? Yes , a lot . It 's alright , I 'm not sleeping . Vince knows people all over the place . You realize that . Nobody knows you 're here but me . One month , two months tops . What-- What am I gon na do here ? There is nothing but a lot of white women dressed as nuns . Pray ? Yes , but , Monsignor , we are a small convent . Surely , there are more appropriate places . My heart goes out to her , of course .
L896	But I need you to give it 105 % . That 's impossible . Hack the signal , send it from the van . Drill up through the floor . What about Giordino ? I 've been checking every fifteen minutes . Those penalties shall be effective , proportionate and dissuasive . Article 16 Transposition 1 . They shall apply those provisions from 23 February 2011 . When Member States adopt those provisions , they shall contain a reference to this Directive or be accompanied by such a reference on the occasion of their official publication . Member States shall determine how such reference is to be made . Normally , I love being dominated by women . You do n't look Asian at all . What the fuck do you want ? Where are you ? If I told you , you would n't believe me . The wall'spretty thick . Well , that 's a relative thing right now , but yeah . Not trying to get in . They'vestopped attacking for some reason . Walter , where are you , exactly ? I 'm in this closet . It 's gon na take a while . Walter , we 're gon na try and dig through . Import licences shall be issued as from the 7th and no later than the 12th working day following the end of the notification period referred to in paragraph 6 . Article 4 Validity of import licences 1 .
L897	Yet , the world faces many other vast challenges . Whether we like it or not , we have limited money and a limited attention span for global causes . We should focus first on achieving the most good for the most people . They examined the best research available and concluded that projects requiring a relatively small investment - getting micro - nutrients to those suffering from malnutrition , providing more resources for HIV / AIDS prevention , making a proper effort to get drinking water to those who lack it - would do far more good than the billions of dollars we could spend reducing carbon emissions to combat climate change . Carbon reduction activists argue that focusing exclusively on climate change will bring many benefits . They point out , for example , that malaria deaths will climb along with temperatures , because potentially killer mosquitoes thrive in warmer areas . And they would be right . But it 's not as simple as the bumper sticker slogan " Fight climate change and ward off malaria . " If America and Australia are somehow inspired by the Live Earth concerts to sign the Kyoto Protocol , temperatures would rise by slightly less . The number of people at risk of malaria would be reduced by about 0.2 % by 2085 . Yet the cost of the Kyoto Protocol would be a staggering $ 180 billion a year .
L898	He started toward them , then paused for a moment and glanced back at Crandall . " You go on , " Crandall said , smiling . " I 'll see how y' folks're makin out . Send em back over and get out of your way . But movin in 's mighty thirsty work . In warm Weather I like to watch the night come on . Sometimes Norma Joins me . You come over , if you 're a mind . " A good man , Louis thought , but doctors became leery of people fast . It was unfortunate , but sooner or later even your best friends wanted medical advice . You answer me one simple question : How in the hell could Detective Merchant plant that cigarette at the crime scene when the interview took place three days after the crime scene photographs were taken ? I would just like to say that is an excellent tie . I 've been assigned to our fearless sportscaster and his lovely toupee . You 're doing a piece on people over 65 who run the 10k . Hunter 's dirty . I 've worked too hard to go back to baby rhinos at the zoo . There 's baby rhinos at the zoo ? What ? No , it 's a metaphor . You know , baby rhinos , kitten in a tree . Yeah , okay . I 'll take it . Yeah , line 7 .
L899	What do I know , I 'm just a kid . We 'll never get NSYNC . Coming in for a landing , sister ? Cute guy . If an appropriate categorization is not available , contact a UDDI Services Coordinator . Name and briefly describe this service in one or more languages . A tModel usually represents a description of an interface . Make tModels easy to locate and reference by adding details , categories , and identifiers . A categorization scheme is a predefined set of categories , derived from an internal or external hierarchy , that can be used to classify a tModel . Add one or more categories by selecting from available schemes . If an appropriate categorization is not available , contact a UDDI Services Coordinator . An identifier is a reference to a company - wide identification scheme that logically groups tModels ( or providers ) using a common form of identification , such as a cost code or D - U - N - S Number . Identifiers are optional descriptions intended to enhance the discovery of tModels and providers in Search . Add or edit the overview document URL for this tModel . A tModel typically represents a description of an interface and can be referenced as part of the binding and instance information for a service . Louis and E. Marchal , lawyers )
L900	Would you like for me to take your pants off instead ? People are real friendly around here . Ventura ? What 's all this pet food for ? Fiber . Come on ! Loser . Come to me , jungle friends . Sorry , I was just going to say ... ... it 's not a fish , it 's a mammal . " Cary out this order NOW ! I 'll expect an immediate response . " ' EMAIL FROM p1 5 " Take the 2 p.m. feryboat , Pavlos ! It 's wonderful ... ... but we should get married . Must we get married to have children ? . We 'll have them any way you want . You do n't need all that to mary and live happily ... ... you only need to find someone ! The house next door is yours ... ... as well as anything else you might need . I was unfortunate to meet someone ... ... who taught me a not so nice profession . Love can be a bad thing . So ... But first ... ... I want you to give me a bank account number . I have something to return to you . Excuse me . Its because of the rosé . Did you cleaned his jacket ? I saw an centrifuge . No Idea . There was money included . They where grilled . Nonsence ! But there is no fire . Anvictim of lightning can not burn .
L901	If there where bombs , there must have been some sort of fuse . Beth : Well , I feel like almost it pulls me into it . This is where the Empire ends , Demetrius . There 's nothing left but this wall . We came all this way for a legion of ghosts . Should 've made our stand in Rome . Rome abandoned us . Some men left to fight in Gaul . Those with families stayed here . Now you see we live like Celts . We have a whole new generation . We bring greetings to Lord Vortgyn , conqueror of the Anglian people , rightful ruler of Britannia . A boy ? He carries a sword . The sword carries a prophecy-- There it was found by a master blacksmith , a Calybian . The truth . According to the Commission services ' updated 2013 Spring Forecast , the structural balance is expected to improve by around 0.7 % of GDP per year on average over the adjustment period 2010 - 2013 but is forecast to deteriorate in 2014 by around 0.3 pp . The Netherlands can therefore be considered to have taken effective action in line with the Council Recommendation . For the period 2011 - 2013 the overall fiscal effort according to a bottom - up approach amounts to 4 % of GDP , or around 1.3 % of GDP annually , broadly equally divided between revenue and expenditure measures .
L902	Now , why would you say that ? The fight you had six months ago . We were just wondering if there was anything you left unresolved . Until , say ... the day you left Afghanistan . So I look like Taliban to you ? Sniper still has n't been found . So , me and LeMere had philosophical differences . He coddled that dog like it was his own kid . Me ? I 'm not the coddling type . We 've noticed . Anyway , there was no bad blood between us . Hell , I was the guy who recommended him for that outpost . Hotbed like that needs good Marines , and LeMere with that dog was top - shelf . This will only hurt for a second . Hey , Dad . We 're going on a little trip , OK ? Your mother does n't like trips . Uh , she 's not coming . It 's just us . A little father - son time . Sir ... your father 's in no condition to travel . Uh , do you mind if we talk about this in private ? Neil . Neil , I 'm thirsty . But I 'm thirsty now . W - Wait ! The program 's not over ! " Tell Sorav , your master , that two warriors from Illall wish to take service in the palace guard , " I said . Use of lists of suppliers :
L903	Entities listed in Sections A , B and C of this Appendix , may use a list of suppliers , according to the provisions of Article 215 . While the Commission 's legislative proposal puts a clear cap on the EU budget 's exposure to risk , it assumes that , due to the individual contracts concluded between the EIB and the investors for each project and the EIB 's distribution of risk between all the projects , the EIB 's exposure to risk will not increase . In particular , the EIB 's exposure to risk should be clearly set out ( 4 ) and , if appropriate , should be limited . This possibility should be taken into particular consideration in connection with extending the instrument for the new EU budgetary period 2014 - 2020 having evaluated the experience gained during the pilot phase . Regulation ( EC ) No 3223/94 lays down , pursuant to the outcome of the Uruguay Round multilateral trade negotiations , the criteria whereby the Commission fixes the standard values for imports from third countries , in respect of the products and periods stipulated in the Annex thereto . In compliance with the above criteria , the standard import values must be fixed at the levels set out in the Annex to this Regulation , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION : Well , I got ta go , Aunt Nellie . Ah , WESOM - O is havin' some kind of malfunction .
L904	Subsector ( xvi ) : In order to provide a reply to this question , it is particularly necessary to examine , first , the relevant case - law of the Court , most notably the judgment in Abbey National , many times cited by all those taking part in these preliminary ruling proceedings . 39 In addition to the risk of applying circular reasoning to the provisions in question , accepting the interpretation put forward by the applicant would result in the scope of Rule 20(1 ) of [ the Implementing Regulation ] , as amended , being limited significantly . 40 If the evidence to establish the existence , validity and scope of an earlier mark - which , in accordance with the new wording of Rule 20(1 ) of [ the Implementing Regulation ] , applicable to the present case , can not be taken into account by the Opposition Division when it is filed late - could nevertheless be taken into consideration by the Board of Appeal by virtue of its discretionary power under Article 74(2 ) of Regulation No 40/94 , the legal consequence laid down expressly in Regulation No 1041/2005 for that type of deficiency , namely the rejection of the opposition , might , in certain cases , have no practical effect .
L905	Everything 's allright . Well , it 's Showtime at the Apollo one last time ... as the venerable Harlem institution closes its doors for good . No , no , no , no way Hey , Whitney . I have n't seen you in a while . What ya doin' backstage ? How about a loan ? No . So , what is it all about ? Poetry . " Love . I will find it . I know what 's going on with Liz . Abe . He has to know . Abe ! Know what ? Why ? Hypertension Chronic stable angina pectoris Vasospastic ( Prinzmetal 's ) angina CLINICAL PARTICULARS 4.2 Posology and method of administration An old stock of wings ? Thank you . I have all my life . But my son knows all about that . Why do n't we go right now ok ? A glass of wine would cheer you up . Another drink ? Two scotches . Yeah . Poor Helen ! A ... what ? How are you ? Article 11 1 . You , Thom , were meant to be my friend . Not for you . Policemen were n't meant to die . Just one more gun scandal , and his party would win the next election . Jane Badham ? She found Warns . Then a new squad would come in , arrest the two boys with the guns .
L906	' Oh , well done , Senior Wrangler , ' said the Dean , as another rock fractured into fragments . ' Ye gods , you were right , Stibbons , ' said Ridcully . Uh , have n't you heard ? That 's how they keep their body weight under 80 pounds . Bikini ready by summer . You want me to be just like the suburban girls , do n't you ? Do n't you dare open that drink , Tessa . That 's the last straw . This is your dinner . Ahh ! O ... you know what , then ? I do n't even recognize you . Do not store above 30 ° C . Store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . Where reference is made to this paragraph , Article 5a(1 ) to ( 4 ) , and Article 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply , having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof.' More information about certificates is available in the Help . Security Zones and Content Ratings Outlook Express Customization Outlook Express can be preset to use specified mail and news servers , and can also be customized via specifying user interface options , default messages , and signatures . Policies and Restrictions System Policies and Restrictions give you the ability to preset , and in some cases , lock down the users machine for certain functionality . Many advanced settings are available through this feature .
L907	Do n't you run away from me ? They 're a legend . The kind you would use to frighten small children at night . They were ruthless , savage , but extremely bright . A very bad combination . No one has seen them for centuries . Well , they 're back . We believe they were at Z'Ha'Dum working for the Shadows . Now with them gone , all their allies are on the loose armed with Shadow technology . This is most unfortunate . Yes , I agree . After the last Shadow War , the Rangers were assigned to watch the frontier because the Shadows always came back sooner or later . But their legacy remains . So I want to give the Rangers a new mission . I want to assign the White Star fleet to patrol the borders along the Non - Aligned Worlds . They 'll watch out for Raiders , Drakh , anyone engaged in hostile activities against civilian transports , and intervene . Embedded motion sensor ADA_014 The embedded motion sensor shall be stimulated by the induced pulses , thus allowing it to generate motion data accurately representing the vehicle movement , as if it was mechanically interfaced to a moving part of the vehicle . ADA_015 The identification data of the embedded motion sensor shall be used by the VU to identify the adaptor ( 077 ) .
L908	Come on , keep it together , boy ! It 's not over yet ! Who ? McClaren . He definitely met with Walling before she died . Told you he was interesting . You all right ? What ? Are you all right ? You seem ... I 'm fine . This deposition today-- if it does n't go better than last week ... Well , I wo n't have any work to do . If I lose this round ... the fight 's over . My client will fire me , I 'll be out of a job , and so will you . Oh . Confidential treatment of the identity of the interested party submitting the comments may be requested in writing , stating the reasons for the request . TEXT OF SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF THE MEASURE The objective of the measure is to provide short - term export - credit guarantees with a maximum maturity of two years to finance export transactions carried out by SMEs with an export turnover not exceeding EUR 2 million . The guarantee against the non - repayment of a loan to finance export transactions can be given to the exporting domestic SME and also to the foreign buyer to enhance their ability to take up a loan from a commercial bank . The total amount of guarantee cover to be given by Eximbank over the two - year period of the measure is HUF 15 billion ( EUR 60 million ) .
L909	Doubts regarding the applicability of the Communication It appears that the export credit guarantee to be given by Eximbank and the export - credit insurance covered by the Communication differ in a number of aspects : Thus the notified guarantee scheme , when granted to exporting SMEs , is in fact an aid for export activities of SMEs not exclusively linked to the risks of the buyer . Second , the guarantee can also be given to the buyer . In that case it covers risks associated with the buyer . However , those risks involve the non - repayment of a commercial loan by the buyer , whereas export credit insurance covers risks of non - payment for the purchased goods and services by the foreign buyer . It 's okay . It 's okay . The straps on her hands . I 'm scared . It 's okay . I know . On the mark . No ! According to the information received by the Commission , catches of the stock referred to in the Annex to this Regulation by vessels flying the flag of or registered in the Member State referred to therein have exhausted the quota allocated for 2010 . It is therefore necessary to prohibit fishing activities for that stock , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION :
L910	Article 1 Quota exhaustion The fishing quota allocated to the Member State referred to in the Annex to this Regulation for the stock referred to therein for 2010 shall be deemed to be exhausted from the date set out in that Annex . Article 2 Prohibitions Fishing activities for the stock referred to in the Annex to this Regulation by vessels flying the flag of or registered in the Member State referred to therein shall be prohibited from the date set out in that Annex . In particular it shall be prohibited to retain on board , relocate , tranship or land fish from that stock caught by those vessels after that date . Article 3 Entry into force This Regulation shall enter into force on the day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 15 November 2010 . This Article and Articles 15 , 16 and 17 shall apply to systematic internalisers when they deal in sizes up to standard market size . Systematic internalisers shall not be subject to this Article and Articles 15 , 16 and 17 when they deal in sizes above standard market size . ( ii ) for all other luggage , before or at the time of its re - delivery ;
L911	ARTICLE 16 Time - bar for actions 1 Any action for damages arising out of the death of or personal injury to a passenger or for the loss of or damage to luggage shall be time - barred after a period of two years . Nothing our instruments showed offered a good explanation for it or for the fact that some sunshine we were expecting today did n't appear . Now I 'm trying to make sense of it and you 're bothering me . " " You mean you did n't see him go down ? " " Look . He was n't on my mind . The idiot was n't correctly dressed and I could see that inside of half an hour he was n't going to be able to take the cold . I gave him a sweater , but that was n't going to help much for his legs and feet . Oh no ! I know how to handle it . You do ? / Yeah . Yeah your pervert boyfriend watched me in a porno movie ! Yeah . Hey . The EESC is concerned about people who consume an unusual amount of crustaceans - people living on the coast , for example . All products from soybean including soybean hemicellulose , have to be labelled because they are potential allergens . Unable to start Fax process . Unable to retrieve Argument . Fax error : see log message for more information . Enter recipient fax properties . Number :
L912	Shit , G.B. I hate to see youdown here on the floor , man . Temporary , baby . I 'll be up therebehind the glass before you know it . I 'm gon na need the R train ... ... to switch overto the express tracks at 34th . The one that Q uses . Once they get to Queens , they switch back at 36th Street to the R Line . Bookstore , café . Almost everything else is here too . ARIADNE : Who are the people ? it 's something , is n't it ? Yes , it is . In Annex II to Directive 2002/19/EC , the title , definitions , part A and part B , point 1 shall replaced by the following : ' Annex II Minimum list of items to be included in a reference offer for wholesale network infrastructure access , including shared or fully unbundled access at a fixed location , to be published by operators with significant market power ( SMP ) For the purposes of this Annex the following definitions apply : means a partial local loop connecting the network termination point to a concentration point or a specified intermediate access point in the fixed public electronic communications network ; ( b ) ( c )
L913	Those competent authorities shall be public authorities . Member States shall inform the Commission , ESMA and the competent authorities of the other Member States of such designations . In order to fulfil their duties under this Regulation , competent authorities shall have all the supervisory and investigatory powers that are necessary for the exercise of their functions . A-3 2 0 1 Expenditure on archive resources Appropriations 2006 Appropriations 2005 Outturn 2004 Remarks New item Regulation ( EC ) No 1049/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2001 regarding public access to European Parliament , Council and Commission documents ( OJ L 145 , 31.5.2001 , p. 43 ) , and the implementing measures adopted within the European Ombudsman 's office .
L914	This appropriation is intended to cover : the cost of outside services for archiving operations , including sorting , filing and refiling in the depositories , the cost of archive services , the acquisition and use of archive resources on substitute media ( microfilms , discs , cassettes , etc . ) , the purchase , hire and maintenance of special facilities ( electronic , computerised and electrical ) and expenditure on publications on all media ( brochures , CD - ROM , etc . ) , the cost of processing papers of the European Ombudsman accumulated in the exercise of his office and handed over , in the form of legal donations or legacies , to the European Parliament , to the Historical Archives of the European Communities ( HAEC ) or to an association or foundation according to established rules .
L915	You know , just because you made a colossal mistake going back to Omega Chi does n't mean I 'd ignore you . No . I thought you were justtoo embarrassed to talk to me . Embarrassed ? Yeah , I guess we both got a little carried away . One second . All pledges report to the Kappa Tau house immediately . Everything okay ? If I told youI'd have to kill you . So ... Me too . Plot a calibration curve using the mean peak heights or areas of the calibration solutions as the ordinates and corresponding concentrations in μg / ml as the abscissae . ( ii ) serological results or laboratory findings following sampling of slaughtered swine show that the holding or category of holdings can no longer be considered free from Trichinella . I love you . Bye . All right , well , cheers . Okay . That day is done . Really ? There 's a lot of vermouth in there . That is not a good Martini . They'il kill him . Richard ! It seems my emotions are still getting in my way . Kahlan , no ! Command me , mistress . Help me fight him . Yes , mistress . Mistress ! I told you I 'd die to protect Richard . Drop your weapons or I kill her . Richard wo n't let her kill me . I never said both of you had to be alive for Zedd to fix you .
L916	Where information is not available or is not made available in a timely fashion by the competent authorities and other public authorities of the Member States , the Authority may address a reasoned request directly to relevant financial market participants and other parties . It shall inform the relevant competent authorities of such requests . At the request of the Authority , the competent authorities and other public authorities of the Member States shall assist the Authority in collecting such information . The diplomatic mission or consular post of a Member State must use the uniform format form to affix a visa issued to holders of a travel document not recognised by the Member State that issues the form . Such a visa shall have only limited territorial validity . " " I 'm not sure . He ... he wanted to have dinner with me all alone , but I said no , because I wanted Uncle Homir along . He looked at me funny and kept holding my shoulder . " Pappa 's mouth was a little open , but Mamma was suddenly red and angry . " How old are you , Arcadia ? " " Fourteen and a half , almost . " Article 2 The documentary check shall be carried out in accordance with the rules laid down in Annex I. Article 3 1 . X danger off on reset sidereal solar undefined Desktop Planetarium Some images in KStars are for non - commercial use only . See README.images .
L917	Fizer in Abu Dhabi wants a week in Milan . It was just too weird . " Where is your purse ? Did you leave it on the plane ? " " My god , I would n't know what to do without my monstrosity in tow . " She pulled the huge purse around in front of her . " I 'm such a pack rat . " " Where are your kids ? " I asked . " With my neighbors . She frowned . " Of course , nothing seems to make Peter happy right now . " She glanced at me . " Peter 's my son . He 's fourteen going on forty , and seems to have hit his teenage years with a vengeance . Improving international technical support , by boosting initiatives such as ' Better Training for Safer Food' , which supports technical cooperation with developing countries which export or wish to export to Europe , via technical training , the creation of rules and standards , exchange of staff , etc . Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover the Agency 's staff and administrative expenditure ( Titles 1 and 2 ) , and operational expenditure in connection with the work programme ( Title 3 ) . The Agency must inform the European Parliament and the Council about transfers of appropriations between operational and administrative expenditure .
L918	The contributions from the EFTA States pursuant to the Agreement on the European Economic Area and in particular Article 82 thereof and Protocol 32 thereto , must be added to the appropriations entered in this Item . Mass of material taken into account at the dismantling step ( 1 ) : Mass of material taken into account at the non - metallic residue treatment step , considered as recyclable ( 1 ) : I 've come to take my daughter home . Cecile . We all adore her . Cecile ! Good morning , ladies . Madame , what an enchanting surprise . Marquise . Mademoiselle , let us see your hands . Do you call those clean ? Go on . Quickly . We 're all so in love with your daughter . Height : Above the ground not less than 250 mm and not more than 2 500 mm and up to 3 000 mm for two additional cornering lamps in the case of vehicles equipped for the fitting of portable devices at the front , which may obscure the cornering lamp . However , no point on the apparent surface in the direction of the reference axis shall be higher than the highest point on the apparent surface in the direction of the reference axis of the dipped - beam headlamp . Who 's there ? Get the fuck off the stage , you idiot ! That was a great fucking speech Sam . Test . Test .
L919	Cause this park ... it 's the most important thin g in my life and it always will be and so will all of you . Cause this is our home ! This is our community ! You definitely know how to fly a plane , right ? You just seem like the kind of guy ... who takes a couple lessons in something , and you know ... He regrets the lack of explanatory documents which could provide for some necessary clarification and information on the objectives and specificity of some of the provisions of the Proposal . The EDPS calls for more attention to be devoted in the Proposal to the need for specific data protection safeguards . He sees a number of issues where the practical implementation of data protection safeguards should be ensured better , in particular as to the application of the purpose limitation with regard to the use of data entered in the CIS . The EDPS considers this as an essential prerequisite for the improvement of the functioning of the Customs Information System . The EDPS calls for a coordinated model of supervision to be inserted in the Proposal . He underlines that for the sake of coherence and consistency the best approach is to apply the coordinated supervision model also to the Third Pillar part of the system . This model would also ensure , where necessary and adequate , consistency with other legal instruments governing the establishment and/or use of other large - scale IT systems .
L920	Conditions of employment of other servants of the European Communities . Task TASK PROPERTIES --------------- Task Proposal Task Ready for Next Stage Task Reply Tasks Analysis The CVMP has considered whether the differences in the conduct between the two latter residue depletion studies could be used to explain the disparity seen in the resulting withdrawal periods . However , it is not felt that this can be used to support the MAH 's disregard for the 1999 study since birds of various weights and from different breeds will be treated with this product . In particular , there is no reason to disregard this study considering that , within the European Union , chickens used for food production may differ considerably by breed , size and age . In fact , by using a range of chickens with different ages and weights would allow for both faster and slower growing broiler breeds to be included in the derivation of the meat withdrawal period . The MAH has claimed that the findings from the 2011 study were in line with all other studies with similar and bioequivalent products conducted in Europe in recent years . As a result , the MAH proposes a meat withdrawal period of 6 days in chickens for Soludox 500 mg / g powder for use in drinking water for pigs and chickens when medicated at a dose of 20 mg / kg for 4 consecutive days .
L921	However , due to the legal basis of the variation application under consideration , the MAH had provided their own residue depletion data to support a withdrawal period and only these data must be considered . Following the review of all the data provided , the CVMP considered that only the two later residues depletion studies ( from 1999 and 2011 ) should be taken into account in order to establish a withdrawal period for chicken meat and offal at a dose rate of 20 mg / kg body weight for 4 consecutive days . At least not permanently . He was wearing gloves when he lost control of his motorcycle and slammed into oncoming traffic . He had scars on his hands very similar to those . Leo 's wounds are raw . I think he garroted someone the day he died . Oh , and now in New York . Whoever he killed , do you think he did it on Bratva 's orders ? There 's just one problem . Unless you have a garroted corpse I 'm not aware of , you do n't have a victim . Which is precisely why we intend to speak to the assassinurse 's wife . This is too many people . Disperse at once ! They just want to talk . I invited them . Is it true you mean to rip out all our gravestones ? No , no . Where did you hear that ? Everyone knows , Judge .
L922	You 're gon na do what I say and you 're gon na do it now ! No ! Or I clean out that hut and I throw it all in the fire ! Her clothes , her pouches , her gourds ! Everything in the fire , you hear me ? You do as I say , child . Your boy get up on behind you like this , huh ? Oh , this is just ... this is just wool ! You say ... you say : " I got wool on my head , not hair " . Say it for me , Meena . Got wool . Not hair . ( e ) they are freely transferable and without any regulatory constraint or third party claims that impair liquidation ; ( f ) they have an active outright sale or repurchase agreement market , with a diverse group of buyers and sellers , including in stressed conditions and to which the CCP has reliable access ; ( g ) reliable price data on these instruments are published on a regular basis . And do n't forget to watch the big giveaway afterwards . Mr. Kupfer was right , you know ? You thought no further than the strange custom ... of having your children wear masks and go out begging for candy . It was the start of the year in our old Celtic lands , and we 'd be waiting ... in our houses of wattles and clay .
L923	In the end , we do n't deci these things , you know . They 're in alignment , and it 's time again . Animated as he rarely was in his disguises , Arakasi gave a general outline to Mara , but he seemed reluctant to discuss details with anyone but the Lord of the Acoma . Mara for her part showed him nothing but the dutiful wife , until the tea was drunk to the dregs and even Arakasi 's large appetite seemed satisfied . Chemical properties All items which come into contact with the rider shall not cause any toxicity hazard to the intended user , particularly as regards bicycles for children . They were eight : two Machine People , Beedj , two Gleaners , Warvia , and the Ghouls . Vala was looking at four vampire dead . I shake people up until they lose control and forget to hide their emotions . Not the same as bullying at all . You really think I 'm disrespectful to you ? You ca n't help it . It 's in your blood . Do n't argue . Bully . Thank you for coming back in . Like I have a choice . We have unfinished business , you and I. So how long have you known that Colette was having an affair with Ben Aston ?
L924	Annuls Articles 2 and 3 of Commission Decision 2003/372/EC of 11 December 2002 on aid granted by Greece to Olympic Airways in so far as they concern tolerance of persistent non - payment of airport charges owed by Olympic Airways to Athens International Airport and of VAT owed by Olympic Aviation on fuel and spare parts . Dismisses the remainder of the application . He 's up there , I assume , and he knows everything . Move over . No , go on . Now you can ask Chet anything you want to know . Chet , darling , do you forgive me ? There . Yes . Now , you know . Oh ! And I 'm sure wherever he is now , he still does . Come on . Get some sleep . Richard . Whatever mistakes I 've made in my life , I raised a good man . The bonobo chimps start giving us a standing " O. " And just when I 'm about to give her the same thing ... what up ... C_2008094EN.01000601.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union C 94/6 Authorisation for State aid pursuant to Articles 87 and 88 of the EC Treaty Cases where the Commission raises no objections ( 2008/C 94/03 ) Spain is eligible to a phase - out fund only as its GNI per inhabitant is less than the average of the EU-15 .
L925	The financial assistance of the Cohesion Fund can be suspended by a Council decision ( taken by qualified majority ) if a Member State shows excessive public deficit and if it has not resolved the situation or has not taken the appropriate action to do so . Where can I get the necessary forms and further information on how to apply ? Can I get legal assistance for making the application ? Where do I send the application ? Are there any victim support organisations that can give further assistance ? Obtaining compensation in the form of damages from the offender 1.1 . Under which conditions can I make a claim for damages in the trial against the offender ( the criminal proceedings ) ? The claimant in criminal proceedings is a person who , as a result of a crime , has suffered personal injury , damage to property , non - pecuniary damage or other loss that can be quantified as a financial amount . A claimant 's claim for damages must be filed against the offender in criminal proceedings no later than in the part of the trial before evidence is brought . This application must specify the grounds and the amount of the claim for damages . A claim for damages may be submitted by the claimant at any time between the start of the criminal proceedings ( i.e. at the pre - trial stage , during the preliminary proceedings ) and the part of the trial before evidence is brought .
L926	Snape and Peter Pettigrew together had sent Voldemort hunt­ing after Lily and James and their son ... ' Harry ? ' said Professor Trelawney again . Including , um , " Evil Bitch " and , uh , " Sick Bastard . " Yeah ? WOMAN : Are you looking at her ? WOMAN : You miss your girlfriend ? Wanna live to see your baby ? Oh , good God ! If you want a baby so bad , just go steal it ! We talk about having babies someday , not now ... ... but I 'm starting to think that we can handle it . We 're in a building that 's full of beds ! Hey , I got one ! I got one ! I 'll track down Lyla , see if she can help . If Georgie has reneged on his promise , he 's of no more use to us . Copy that . Answer my questions , and if I think you 're lying , conversation ends . Who are you ? I 'm Lincoln Potter , federal prosecutor , Assistant U.S. Attorney , Northern California district . And what do you want from me ? I 'm building a case against the Real IRA and the Galindo cartel . Sons of Anarchy is my way in . RICO . Yes . Yeah . Oh , good , more fucking rice niggers How many bullets you got ? All night ? Well that 's fair .
L927	So , what 's this mean ? I 'm so sorry . Josie I want you to level with me about what happened in Seattle . I told you . I escaped from Jonathan in airport and I do n't know what happened to him after that . I came here as a friend of Harry 's . Now I do n't know what place he occupies in your heart , but I do know that you own his . I would think that you would like a chance to explain yourself to him . This is the end of it Josie , there are no other options . I want you at the station house by nine o'clock ... or I come and find you . In any event , the Commission adds that the attribution to the Portuguese State of special rights constitutes a measure going manifestly beyond what is necessary to attain the objectives pursued . Among other matters , the special rights cover not specific management decisions , but decisions fundamental to the existence of the undertaking , even though their exercise is not made subject to any condition limiting the discretionary power of the State authority , beyond the fact that such rights must be used where grounds of national interest so require . Suspects on I-80 proceeding northbound . Still in pursuit . I know it sounds impossible , but I have a couple of people that say ... they saw him carrying her out of the burning wreckage .
L928	In general , the adverse event profile in the limited children and adolescent population studied was similar to that observed in adults , although there is a paediatric - specific concern regarding growth inhibition , as decrease in height percentile ( mean percentile decrease of growth velocity of 9 percentile ) and weight percentile ( mean percentile decrease of 13 percentile ) were observed during treatment . Twenty ( 21 % ) of 97 children had a > 15 percentile decrease in height percentile , of whom 10 of the 20 children had a > 30 percentile decrease in their height percentile from the start of treatment to the end of long - term follow - up ( up to 5 years ) . Final adult height was available for 14 of those children and demonstrated that 12 continued to show height deficits > 15 percentiles , 10 to 12 years after the end of treatment . During combination therapy for up to 48 weeks with interferon alfa- 2b and ribavirin , growth inhibition was observed that resulted in reduced final adult height in some patients . Furthermore , suicidal ideation or attempts were reported more frequently compared to adult patients ( 2.4 % vs 1 % ) during treatment and during the 6 month follow - up after treatment . Article 4 Transitional measures 1 . Randy invites him over with a smile , then flags down their waiter and orders a few of those great big bottles of bitterly cold Nipponese beer .
L929	Randy gets up and sings " Me and You and a Dog Named Boo . " At some point Tom Howard puts his beefy arm up on the back of Cantrell 's chair , the better to shout into his ear . " I 'll take the job , Commissioner , " he said quietly , covering Claudia 's hand with his for a moment before he released it , " gladly . " " And I was so xaxtdamned proud of the way I could handle an axe ... " Gallsworthy chuckled quietly . " If I ever catch you flying like 74 I BILL BALDWIN that again around my base , " he said , " I may take one of those axes to you . " Brim looked up with a little grin . Glancing at the man sideways , he frowned . " Surely not if I am victim of still another malfunction , Commissioner , " he replied , fluttering a hand over his heart with a look of righteous bewilderment . " You would n't ask me to risk my life , would you ? " Gallsworthy shook his head as they started for the Headquarters building . " Xaxtdamned Carescrians , " he chuckled to no one in particular .
L930	Approximation of laws - Trade marks - Interpretation of Regulation No 40/94 and Directive 89/104 - Right of the trade mark proprietor to prevent third parties from using an identical sign for identical goods - Use of the trade mark within the meaning of Article 9 of the Regulation and Article 5 of the directive - Resale of perfumes or cosmetic products whose packaging has been removed ( Council Regulation No 40/94 , Art . 9 ; Council Directives 76/768 , Art . 6(1 ) , and 89/104 , Art . That was unkind . Did you hear that , boys ? You bested a crusader . My men are good fighters . I do n't know about that . But they do move silently like the creatures of the forest . We 're soldiers . No , you 're not . Soldiers fight for a cause . What 's yours ? You do n't have one . Common thieves with a lot to learn . Like what ? I could teach you how to make arrows that fly more than 20 feet . Multiple knife wounds . Is this a joke ? The guy 's fine . I can help you . No oneknew me and then you show up ! And the next day , she 's dead ! I tried to warn you . Why do n't you tell me it was Victor ? I did n't know ! I swear on my son 's life ! I did n't ...
L931	I shudder to think what would happen if the military got its hands on you . Meet us at our quarters in an hour . Come in . At the ship . My quarters may seem a little crowded at first , but tomorrow morning , I 'll request something bigger . That wo n't be necessary . If you want your own quarters , l can arrange that . I mean I 'm not staying . Your students and l have an agreement . They get the cloaking device , and you stay with me . You say you love me . Then let me be on my way . Main arguments of the parties 19 . Mr Akritidis has made no submissions in these joined proceedings . Ancients ? Technologically , yes . We 've just started . Yeah , but even if you 're right , I still have problems . Okay , listen to this . This was designed so that an intelligent species could get a working knowledge of English . A couple - hundred - word vocabulary , a rough idea of syntax . Think of what it would mean to talk to a being from a civilization like that . See , that 's what he saidto Heinmuller out on the road . It 's also what the cannibal said to the missionary just before he ate him .
L932	Now , well , the question in this case is , who is the missionary and who are the cannibals ? When the sun appears mid - sky three more times , I must be at Arizona . Dead deer , why ? Frankie . Hey , Stanley . Sister , looking good . What , you breaking into a church ? You 're on parole , for chrissake . Come on , Stanley . I guess this means good night . Do n't bend the suit . It 's imported . Work on that B flat , Frankie . Chest voice . Come on . Out . Out . Hey , princess . I 'm listening . I felt a lump in my throat as she took my arm and guided me to the door . Vladimir ? " " What ? " Sounds good . " It was about four hours after dawn , and a few things were just beginning to get going , but there was little street traffic . We went into Tsedik 's and Cawti bought me two greasy sausages , a pair of burned chicken eggs , warmed bread , and adequate klava to wash it down with . She had the same . He 's a dangerous bastard . Taken too many disco biscuits in the heat of Russian disputations . I want a gun that works , and I 'm gon na tell him . My God , Tommy , you certainly got those minerals .
L933	You just tell him who 's in charge . Boris-- The Drowning Trout . Come and pick us up . ( 72 ) The proclamation is set out as a mere political declaration , devoid of legal force . Preparing paste information ... Sorry , the session directory can not function with a blank server name . The Wizard requires Internet Explorer version 4 or higher . Please type a valid folder path into the edit box . If you entered a path to a folder on a removable disk , the disk must be in the drive . Please type a valid folder path into the edit box . If you entered a path to a folder on a removable disk , the disk must be in the drive . Do you want to restart you computer now ? The disk you inserted was already used to store data . Please insert disk % 1!u!. The wizard could not save some of your ras connections . We know it 's going to end anyway . You 're afraid of life ! It 's the same thing ! You 're afraid to live the only life you have ! Therru ... You think your life belongs to you ? Tenar gave me life . That 's why I have to live ... ... to give life to someone else . Lebannen ... That 's the only way we live forever . Therru ... how did you knowmy True Name ? You told me yourself .
L934	Tehanu ... I want to make sure that Jagang ca n't make good on his threats . I promise . " " I love you , " she whispered . At the latest by 31 December 1996 , the EMI shall specify the regulatory , organisational and logistical framework necessary for the ESCB to perform its tasks in the third stage , in accordance with the principle of an open market economy with free competition . Her feet were near the study door . More blood had pooled on the oak . I stepped into the hallway and stopped an arm 's length from her . I squatted down and reached for her wrist . Her skin was very cold . There was no pulse . I stayed down . Listened . I craned over and looked at her head . She had been hit with something hard and heavy . The wound was in the shape of a trench . I 'm your cousin , and you 're in love with me . With you ! Come and be kissed on the lips . If you do n't behave , I 'll tell Isak you 're always trying to kiss me . The following serious side effects have been reported . Uncommon ; feeling faint or loss of conciousness ( syncope ) . We 'll go with you . I do n't even know you , hunky dunky , and I love you already . Dance lessons ? Hey . Oh .
L935	In the real world they 're an excuse to drink excessively and say things you should n't . A philosopher , huh ? What ? No , nothing . Oh , God . Well , I suppose you could say I love her . The bugger is , she 's here with some other guy . Bye , Mom . Put that out . Please . Mrs. Glover . You 've been so nice to me . There 's nothing to fear . It 's all goodness . I 'm Jonathan 's mother . Bobby , I do n't really think-- -But ... ... you 're also ... ... like .... Do n't you dare tell your father . What do I do ? Just pull the smoke straight into your lungs . Ok . Ok , well , let 's see what we can do , shall we ? Have you ordered a CT scan ? Bloods ? BP ? Come on , what 's been keeping you ? Ok . Let 's go and have a look at her , shall we ? ( ON TELEVISION ) Third somersault ... short . Not big , but fatal . That 's why we 're gon na start from the beginning and make each move perfect before we go onto the next . I 'll run it again for you . I hated you for that ! I wanted you to lose . You risked the lives of everyone in the village .
L936	Save me , Bhuvan . Save me . But you must prove your loyalty . Passport No : L038300 ( Irish passport issued in Dublin , Ireland on 4 September 2002 , cancelled on 14 May 2009 ) . Aid No : 84 z późn . zm . ) ; Aid intensity or amount : In the case of small and medium enterprises , with the exception of enterprises active in the transport sector , the maximum aid intensity is 65 % of the eligible costs . Luísa Faria , lawyers ) Defendant : European Commission Form of order sought The applicants claim that the Court should : declare the action admissible and well founded ; annul Decision D/2013/048425 of the European Commission 's Directorate - General for Competition of 24 May 2013 , relating to the refusal to reduce , on grounds of inability to pay , the fine imposed on SOCITREL in a proceeding for infringement of Article 101 TFEU and Article 53 of the EEA Agreement , which also declared COMPANHIA PREVIDENTE jointly and severally liable for payment of that fine ; impose a reduced fine on the applicants as a result of their inability to pay the fine ;
L937	The applicants claim that an error as to the facts , a manifest error of assessment and a breach of the principle of proportionality were committed because not all the relevant facts were given due consideration , nor was the evidence provided by COMPANHIA PREVIDENTE adequately examined during the procedure to revise the fine on the ground of inability to pay , pursuant to paragraph 35 of the Guidelines , and the fine , which is beyond the current financial resources of the COMPANHIA PREVIDENTE group , was maintained . In addition , pursuant to Article 261 TFEU , the applicants request a reduction , on the ground of inability to pay , of the fine imposed on SOCITREL , for which COMPANHIA PREVIDENTE is jointly and severally liable . Part IV of the Annex is replaced by the text in Annex III to this Decision . Article 2 This Decision shall apply from 23 December 2004 . Article 3 This Decision is addressed to the Member States . Done at Brussels , 8 December 2004 . Member States may restrict the rights conferred under paragraphs 1(c ) and ( i ) in respect to study grants and procedures for obtaining public housing to cases where the holder of the EU Blue Card has been staying or has the right to stay in its territory for at least three years . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 8 January 2008 .
L938	227 In its reply , the applicant explains that the principles developed by the Court in relation to predatory pricing should be applied to a margin squeeze in a case where wholesale prices are fixed by a regulatory authority . The Commission should therefore produce evidence that the margin squeeze in question actually impairs competition . Since wholesale charges are fixed by RegTP on the basis of costs , that evidence is available only where - after excluding competitors from the market - the dominant undertaking would be in a position , by increasing its retail prices , to offset the losses incurred during that exclusionary stage as a result of its low - price policy . However , in the present case , any such attempt by the applicant would immediately entail its competitors' return to the market . 229 There are genuine opportunities for the applicant 's competitors to enter the market . The applicant notes in that regard that its competitors can cross - subsidise call charges and connection charges , or variable and fixed charges , in order to make up any deficit in relation to connections . The option of excluding ( pre)selection for all connections , which is available to the applicant 's competitors but not to the applicant itself ( see paragraph 156 above ) , enables competitors to calculate their revenues from call charges much more accurately than the applicant is able to .
L939	The replies of the applicant 's competitors to the request for information of 19 January 2000 and RegTP 's decision of 29 April 2003 confirm that those competitors can cross - subsidise connection and call charges . The applicant refers also to its observations of 29 July 2002 on the statement of objections and to the documents cited in those observations . Finally , according to research carried out by the applicant , all its competitors have been able to achieve positive margins on direct costs by cross - subsidising their fixed and variable charges for each type of connection and therefore also for analogue lines . 230 In addition , since the liberalisation of the German telecommunications market , a number of competitors have been able to gain significant market shares in urban areas . The applicant refers in that regard to KomTel , a company which , according to its own statements in a press release of 31 May 2002 , achieved a 43 % market share of connections in Flensburg . It is therefore appropriate that a derogation from the provision suspending imports of meat products of wild feathered game originating in Switzerland be granted , provided the products have been treated with certain specific treatments set out in Part 4 of Annex II to Decision 2007/777/EC . Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 798/2008 ( 11 ) lays down veterinary certification conditions for imports into and transit through the Union of poultry and certain products thereof .
L940	Commission Implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 139/2013 ( 12 ) lays down the animal health conditions for imports of certain birds into the Union from third countries and parts thereof . Good Lord ! Yes , yes . I thought this was a currency exchange . Danke . Something 's going on . And to be honest , I 'm deeply disappointed . I did n't do it , so it must be someone else here . We all know Gary does n't lie . No , I do lie . Like the other day when I said I was going to have a pudding pop . Gary ... I just knew we did n't have any . Cley 's almost here . How ? There 's a spy satellite tracking us . Gary , you just telling us this now ? Yeah , I just found out right now , Bill . All right , this is the gas station right up here . All right , fellas , we got to get as many supplies as we can . Load up with everything we can . Here , you throw 'em to me , I 'll throw 'em to Tanner . Melon . Oh , keep it going . As far as apocalypse goes , I did n't think the shopping would be this easy . Did you guys hear that ? That 's the local ! Can we go ? Let 's go . Come on !
L941	He 's selfish that way . And then he'il give you some " blah - blah - blah " about Byron and his curse . Oh ... I think she 's got it . I wanna see her facewhen she puts it together . Um ... I really should n't have ditched my friends . So I think I 'm just ... ♪ I do n't trust you ♪ ♪ And if you flinch another inch ♪ ♪ Well , I just might let you drive ♪ ♪ And I 'll see I 'll see you ♪ ♪ And if you sleep another sleep , well ... ♪ Just go . Come with me . We can help each other . I said we can help each other stay clean . Let 's get dirty first . " No matter what ... " ? That 's being unreasonable . How can I trust you after all Father 's found out ? Be right there . Lorelei , I ... Men like you have made me the way I am . If you loved me at all , you 'd feel sorry for my troubles ... ... instead of holding them against me . Do n't say another word . You have a tough time . If you wantto get upset , watch her next number . You mean ... If I give it back , it 's admitting I stole it . In there . Until you finish customs ...
L942	What happens when in exceptional cases service to the addressee himself is not possible ? Is there any written proof that the document has been served ? What happens if something goes wrong and the addressee does not receive the document or the service is effected in violation of the law ( e.g. the document is served to a third person ) ? Do I have to pay for the service of a document , and if so , how much ? Why are there specific rules on the " service of documents " ? Specific rules on the service of documents exist to establish the method of service accepted by the courts and to safeguard the persons affected if the rules are broken . Writs of arraignment , originating applications , appeals , legal documents , every judicial document , every document which the court orders to be served and every document the service of which is required by the legislation in force . Documents are served by private process servers who are duly authorised by the Supreme Court to carry out service in accordance with the provisions of the Statutes of Civil Procedure . A litigant who registers documents as referred to in point 2 at the court selects the process server and is responsible for the service of the documents . You 're welcome . Need me to sign that ? You left rehab ? I 'm moving into a sober living house in Lincoln Village . I have 64 days .
L943	It is very dangerous when a trunk is not closed . No , I do it myself . Okay then . Ok . What you want . What ? I make sure that you heelhuids outta here . There is something out of your trunk . Whether you are careless , or you have just a bad day . Anyway , I will ensure that you are outta here . SILENCE ! What a bitch ! And did you see her lazy eye ? Youcan't even tell what she 's looking at . You guys are all such pussies ! I ca n't do i - it ! Yours faithfully , For the European Union [ 1 ] OJ L 169 , 3.7.2010 , p. I told you not to wander away from me like that . Can we help you ? . This is my sister Kelly . That 's enough . I 'm sorry about what happened . We 're staying with a work friend of my dad 's until Child Services figures out what to do with us . Yeah , it 's ... probably better . It 's a big house on the hill . What ? . We 're the Mystery Team . She thinks Mommy and Daddy are on a long vacation in heaven , okay ? . You have to sort of remind yourself her face is green , because in a way , it feels natural .
L944	Male Voiceover : There is something that is beautifully artificial in that way . It 's as if this like it is not the warm light of the sun , but this is the electric light of the modern era . This is not painting on canvas , this is not even on paper . Your test scores are very impressive . In the classroom you are an outstanding ranger , but in the field you collapse . The institutions or bodies supplying classified information or documents as mentioned in the first subparagraph shall inform the Ombudsman of such classification . For the implementation of rules provided for in the first subparagraph , the Ombudsman may agree with the institutions or bodies the operational conditions for access to classified information and other information covered by the obligation of professional secrecy . Amendment 5 Article 3 , paragraph 2 , subparagraph 5 Officials and other servants of Community institutions and bodies must testify at the request of the Ombudsman ; they shall speak on behalf of and in accordance with instructions from their administrations and shall continue to be bound by their duty of professional secrecy . Officials and other servants of Community institutions and bodies must testify at the request of the Ombudsman ; they shall continue to be bound by the relevant rules of the Staff Regulations , notably their duty of professional secrecy .
L945	The Ombudsman and his staff , to whom Article 287 of the Treaty establishing the European Community and Article 194 of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community shall apply , shall be required not to divulge information or documents which they obtain in the course of their inquiries . The Ombudsman and his staff shall deal with applications from third parties for access to documents obtained by the Ombudsman in the course of inquiries in accordance with the conditions and limits provided for in Regulation ( EC ) No 1049/2001 , in particular Article 4 thereof . If , in the course of inquiries , he learns of facts which he considers might relate to criminal law , the Ombudsman shall immediately notify the competent national authorities via the Permanent Representations of the Member States to the European Communities and , if appropriate , the Community institution with authority over the official or servant concerned , which may apply the second paragraph of Article 18 of the Protocol on the Privileges and Immunities of the European Communities . The Ombudsman may also inform the Community institution or body concerned of the facts calling into question the conduct of a member of their staff from a disciplinary point of view .
L946	If , in the course of inquiries , he learns of facts which he considers might relate to criminal law , the Ombudsman shall immediately notify the competent national authorities via the Permanent Representations of the Member States to the European Communities or the competent Community institution or body ; if appropriate , the Ombudsman shall also notify the Community institution or body with authority over the official or servant concerned , which may apply the second paragraph of Article 18 of the Protocol on the Privileges and Immunities of the European Communities . The Ombudsman may also inform the Community institution or body concerned of the facts calling into question the conduct of a member of their staff from a disciplinary point of view . Amendment 7 Article 5 Insofar as it may help to make his enquiries more efficient and better safeguard the rights and interests of persons who make complaints to him , the Ombudsman may cooperate with authorities of the same type in certain Member States provided he complies with the national law applicable . Like , we were inside his brain . There 's a party at your house . Yeah , did you get a chance to hang out ? I wanted you to meet some of the people I work with . I do n't care about the people you work with . I just want to see you . You did n't mind meeting the people I worked with when they were models .
L947	In men with ED following bilateral nerve - sparing radical prostatectomy , the mean percentage of attempts resulting in successful intercourse was approximately 23 % and 26 % for the 100 mg and 200 mg avanafil groups , respectively , compared to approximately 9 % for placebo . In the Time to onset study , avanafil demonstrated statistically significant improvement in the primary efficacy variable ( average per subject proportion of successful responses by time after dose administration , to the Sexual Encounter Profile 3 - SEP3 ) as compared with placebo , resulting in successful intercourse in 24.71 % of the attempts for the 100 mg dose and 28.18 % for the 200 mg dose at approximately 15 minutes after dosing compared to 13.78 % for placebo . Officers , take charge .... It 's getting dark mighty early around here . Nobody talking to you , pap . It 's all right . I do not have time . Now ... I am fine ! - Are you sure ? Just a drop . - No ! Classification is determined by the provisions of General Rules 1 and 6 for the interpretation of the Combined Nomenclature , and by the wording of CN codes 1701 , 1701 99 , 1701 99 90 . The product consists of a mixture of sucrose in crystal form and sodium chloride . It can not be considered as raw sugar within the meaning of Additional Note 1 to Chapter 17 of the CN .
L948	Classification is determined by the provisions of General Rules 1 and 6 for the interpretation of the Combined Nomenclature , and by the wording of CN codes 1701 , 1701 91 , 1701 91 00 . The product has to be classified as a flavoured sugar in CN subheading 1701 91 00 ( HSEN to Chapter 17 , General , first paragraph , second sentence , and to heading 1701 , fifth paragraph ) . ' The condition is understood . Now you understand mine . When and if I make that call , I 'll want to speak to my wife - not within minutes but within seconds . If I do n't , whoever 's on the line will hear the gunshot and you 'll know that your assassin , the prize you say you 've got to have , has just had his head blown away . Mr. Waadt said the endof the day , Sunday . It 's still Sunday . That 's true . I 'd like to buy a dishwasher and I 'd like to buy it from this docker . I 'd like to buy a washer and dryer for my brother . Randy , that 's my card . I lost mine . Transcript : Joy , on the other hand , was n't having the same luck with her new Mexican career . Vamanos ! Oh , chasquido .
L949	[ 9 ] Under Article 9(2 ) of Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1466/97 . Sorry . You okay ? Knocking on your window . He did n't hit you , did he ? Yes . What did he say about me ? He just said he never wants me to see you again . Do you plan on obeying him ? The more they give , the more you can do . The more you can do , the better they look . And that 's why they hired Glendon Hill ... to make them look good . Not in this case . This is an investment in the future . We 're not attaching strings . Madeleine , you have to email me this shit . Yeah , I know that , but you have to understand we ... we have a plan . We have a way that we do this , and when you ... okay . Fine . C_2007074EN.01001801.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union C 74/18 STATE AID - GERMANY State aid No C 58/06 ( ex NN 98/05 ) - Aid for the Bahnen der Stadt Monheim ( BSM ) and Rheinische Bahngesellschaft ( RBM ) companies in the Verkehrsverbund Rhein Ruhr Invitation to submit comments pursuant to Article 88(2 ) of the EC Treaty ( Text with EEA relevance ) ( 2007/C 74/10 )
L950	By letter dated 20 December 2006 reproduced in the authentic language on the pages following this summary , the Commission notified Germany of its decision to initiate the procedure laid down in Article 88(2 ) of the EC Treaty concerning the abovementioned aid / measure . Interested parties may submit their comments within one month of the date of publication of this summary and the following letter , to the following address : European Commission Directorate - General for Energy and Transport Directorate A B-1049 Brussels Fax ( 32 - 2 ) 296 41 04 These comments will be transmitted to Germany . TEXT OF SUMMARY PROCEDURE By letter of 27 January 1999 , the German town of Langenfeld / Rheinland sent a letter of complaint to the Commission in which it alleged that the Rheinische Bahngesellschaft company ( hereinafter : RBG ) and the Bahnen der Stadt Monheim ( hereinafter : BSM ) company were receiving illegal State aid . As the case was similar to that of the Altmark Trans company , the Commission waited until the Court had delivered its judgment on 24 July 2003 ( C-280/00 ) on this reference for a preliminary ruling before deciding on the complaint . Do not be afraid . I got him . Put your foot down here . He has rescued Miss Susan . Oh , dear . What a brave act , boy . You can be proud of yourself . Thank you . Thank you Lord . Where was Caxton ?
L951	# How many legs has daddy long - legs got ? So , for the sake of keeping the peace , I rolled over and agreed to play . I won , and I was done . That 's very good , Mr Green , but tell me , does your mum ... from a donkey ? Next thing you know , it 's a gunfight , people get hurt and money disappears . The Eddies thought I might talk , so they threatened my brother 's daughter . Sometime after that , the Eddies upset Macha in some way , so he had them used as aggregate and mixed into some concrete on one of his buildings . Do n't try to make sense out of it , not now , cos it does n't make sense . We 've got one of his representatives , Walker . Lilly Walker ? That 's right . Mr Macha , I do n't think we 've met . and a model , student at the University of Geneva , Conversion & QC by NuckingFuts slackvision yahoo.com with support from p - face Translation : Processed by C.M.C. - Paris ALL are reported unharmed . Alone . All alone ? All alone . They just called mefor a photo session . They want to see me . All cleaned up , madame . Miss Tanner . Excuse me . Did the directress sleep here last night ? You know she 's away on a trip .
L952	What day is it ? Did you all hear that ? Some of those requirements can be fulfilled only by resorting to animal testing , hereinafter referred to as " regulatory testing " . It is necessary to introduce specific measures in order to increase the use of alternative approaches and to eliminate unnecessary duplication of regulatory testing . It 's not heaven he 's from , it 's straight from the stinking flames of hell . The power of Satan is in him , I can feel it . Ca n't you ? We 're not sheep . Go on , get outta here , run ! Do n't worry about her , Edward . Hi ! Hi , Joyce . Shame on you , keepin ' your unusual guest to yourself . We think that 's mighty selfish ofyou . Things have been hectic here . That is so sweet ofyou to wanna correct the situation . Barbecue ? Well , I ca n't help you with the singing . But love , trust , truth , higher power , the things that really matter ... Are you getting chemotherapy ? - No , I 'm done . I am a soldier . A real one . - Could have fooled me .
L953	Accordingly , notwithstanding the Waste Water Directive , waste law applies to untreated waste water after it has escaped from a collecting system . Ahhh , I told you she 'd be important . The electronic copy will still have to be replaced by the paper form once received . Have you ever wondered whether there might be someone out there ? I think I 'd probably know . Well ... Not necessarily . Well , well , well . Look at you . I 'm Mr Right . Got any ID ? Kiss me . What ? Just kiss me , quick . Wow . I did n't expect that line to work . To this end , the Commission has negotiated , on behalf of the Union , an agreement with Iceland , Liechtenstein and Norway on a new EEA financial mechanism for the period 2009 - 2014 as well as an annex to that agreement . Oh , wait , sorry . Next week ? I found here in the cushions ? Sure . But do n't drink on those . Drop your gun and get over with the rest of them . You wanna step down , Mr. Phillips ? Hope this thing do n't go off while I 'm climbing down . Step off , sergeant major . Let 's go to jail . Do n't worry , Mr. Ketcham , we 'll get you out of there . Now , that 's a good idea , sheriff .
L954	Please try it ! He wants you to try something . Ha ! Got another barrel left . I should have taken you this morning . Now , there 's something wrong with that , that I feel like you ca n't share in this with me , Even a little . I 'm happy for you , Yay ! Do you not want me to switch jobs ? Okay , I love that you are romantic about what you do . I 'm a romantic too about lots of stuff , like vacations . Yeah . I 've designed , like , a hundred dream vespas online . I 'm sensing a " but " coming . Is it okay if I cup your actual butt when I hear the word " but " ? Thank you . Right ? Until you change your mind . And now it 's app design in San Jose ... And I have roots in Austin . No , look , okay . Hi . You just wo n't stop , will you ? You bastard ! You no - good bastard ! You ... leave ... me ... alone ! Here 's a story for you ! Gold - digger wife ! How 's that ? ! Do you have to print that ? I 'm not a reporter . What are you ? A private eye mommy and daddy hired ? No . I 'm just someonewho wants to help .
L955	The specified value does not exist in the registry . Configuration Manager : The specified machine name does not meet the UNC naming conventions . Configuration Manager : A general remote communication error occurred . Configuration Manager : The machine selected for remote communication is not available at this time . Connecting to MMC.exe ... Okay Unreachable Security Log Application Log The negotiations with the remaining trade union ( ALPA ) are in the final stages . The Commission notes that the airline has over - achieved its target of 500 voluntary applications for its Early Retirement and Voluntary Redundancy schemes . More than 40 % of the planned total of staff has already left the company . The assumed cost reduction through contract management of EUR [ 7 to 9 ] million in cost savings appears achievable since over EUR [ 4 to 5 ] million p.a . has already been committed through negotiations concluded to date and , according to the Maltese authorities , negotiations with Malta International Airport ( which is mostly owned by private shareholders ) contributing the highest amount of cost savings [ ... ] are 90 % concluded . As to the ancillary revenues , the Maltese authorities demonstrated that the assumed figures ( [ 3 to 5 ] % of total revenues or [ 3 to 5 ] % of passenger revenues in FY2016 ) are substantially lower than the percentages achieved by other carriers including LLC and network carriers .
L956	Furthermore , Air Malta has successfully started to implement some of its ancillary revenue initiatives which deliver results that are in - line , if not above , the predictions contained in the RP . These results are based on realistic assumptions . In more detail : The 5,9 % annual growth rate for the Maltese air transport market has been reduced to 4 % per annum for the period to 2016 in view of the revised GDP growth forecasts by the IMF and Eurostat . As to the assumed yield , Malta demonstrated that the assumed average growth of less than 2 % in yield is in line with the forecast for several network carriers in Europe ( e. g. ' Well , I can see you 're a dangerous individual , ' he said . ' We 'd better have you where we can keep an eye on you . Hey , that 's right . You can undermine the enemy from within . ' The relieved Reg raised a fist in salute and carried a table to the new barricade with revolutionary speed . This was interrupted by the clatter of hoofbeats from the far end of Treacle Mine Road and a sudden burst of instant decisiveness on the part of the remainder of the crowd . Not handsome- With sudden warmth she realized that if Duke Farnham had half the strong masculine charm his father had , a panty girdle would n't be much protection .
L957	The thought was chased away by realization that Mrs. Farnham was what Karen might become . Mother and daughter looked alike , save that Karen had not gone to pot . Barbara did not like this thought . She liked Karen better than any other sorority sister she had found when she went back to finish college . Karen was sweet and generous and gay- But perhaps Grace Farnham had been so , once . Did women have to become fretful and useless ? Well bid , partner . " " Well played , you mean . I invited too much . " They 're working on it . If you believe what you read in the papers , it 's an aristocratic loner IRA mastermind ... Sid here will run the office . Log the calls , the leads . Maurice Ray is on forensics at Leatherslade Farm . I 'll expect you here till at least 10 . Late turn is 2 pm to 10 pm . I 'll expect you started by 9 . Yeah , nice one . Huh ! You think I 'm joking ? You try turning up late and see where your bollocks end up . Yes , sir . Sorry , sir . Part two Question 48 ( Marie Panayotopoulos - Cassiotou ) :
L958	In that connection , even if the public were to make an immediate link between the marks at issue , the existence of such a link is not sufficient to demonstrate the risk of detriment to the distinctive character of the earlier mark . Moreover , since the term ' spa' is frequently used to designate , for example , the Belgian town of Spa and the Belgian racing circuit of Spa - Francorchamps or , in general , places for hydrotherapy such as hammams or saunas , the risk of detriment to the distinctive character of the mark SPA seems to be limited . Finally since the two marks designate very different goods it is unlikely that the goods and services covered by the mark SPA - FINDERS , even if they turn out to be of lower quality , would diminish the attractiveness of the mark SPA . ( see paras 44 , 48 - 49 , 53 ) The balanced model is often used in conjunction with the franchise model or the functional model . You can overlay a balanced model on top of the franchise model or the functional model using metric groups to provide perspective to metrics . Another way to implement the balanced model is to create a scorecard for each perspective . This is useful for organizations that are beginning to implement balanced scorecarding .
L959	God she 's so fucking presumptuous . Who the fuck cares what she thinks ? You never see a fucking boat around here . I just came to tell you that I entered the contest . That was you who said that we should n't care ... ... what other people think of us ? Or were you just saying that ? I feel like I 've known you my whole life . Yeah , well it 's a small world . No , it is n't a small world . You 'd tell me if you knew anything ? Fuck ! Fine , Gwildor 's all yours . You 're not scared of Gwildor . You 're just not ready to give up those rippling muscles . A story to tell with pride , boys : The day you saw the Seeker and the Confessor die in agony . You want a story to tell with pride ? Promise you'il let us go on our way , and the Seeker here will be more than happy to finish what I was so rude to interrupt . Show no mercy . Richard . Kahlan . Thank all the Spirits in creation I found you in time . Yes , thank them indeed . Wait for us , Mushka ! Lieutenant . Here . We ca n't let the Spaniard going around with a gun . Wise decision , Captain . Right away . Soldier ! Captain , just over there .
L960	We have to cross it . The signal goes downstream . Look . Did you see a German pilot ? Our work ... will leave Dr. Kaufman in the dust . Look . I used to poke fun at your bow tie in the past , anyway , but that regular tie they put you in for the filming-- that was n't doing you any favors , either . But may I suggest ... stick with the bow tie ? I can not ... believe I am saying that . What are you doing ? Who 's Herb ? Our tenant . Enter the maximum number of times the macro will run . If left blank ( and Repeat Expression is also blank ) , the macro runs once . Press F1 for help on this argument . Enter an expression that will stop the macro when it evaluates to false . Use this with Repeat Count to run a macro repeatedly until the expression is false , or the number of times specified in Repeat Count . Press F1 for help on this argument . Left Margin Right Margin Bottom Margin Syntax Checking Report Template Default Find / Replace Behavior Default Record Locking She swore to me that she did not stick a little bead up her nose , and the doctor pulled it out and was like , " here 's the bead . " So this is normal ? That 's what kids do ... Wait . What ?
L961	Especially , you know , she 'd learn it from you . Why ? They lie . Okay , I 'm not gon na go into it . Listen , I 'm sorry . I did n't mean that . It was just a joke . You 're amazing at your job . Honor knew exactly how Hemphill would react to any protest , and it was too late to undo the damage , anyway . However stupid they were , it was her job to make them work , and that , as they said at the Academy , was that . Even if it had n't been , Fearless was her ship , by God ! Whatever Hemphill had done to her , no one was going to crap on Fearless 's reputation if Honor could help it . She forced her muscles to unknot as Nimitz 's purr hummed against her . Her mind begin to pick and pry at the problem . It was probable , she decided , that she could get away with it at least once , assuming the Aggressors had n't cracked Hemphill 's security . After all , the idea was so crazy no sane person would expect it ! That was a logical enough position for a light cruiser , and the big boys would tend to ignore Fearless to concentrate on the opposing capital ships . That might let her slip into lance range and get off her shot .
L962	They 'd consider trading a light cruiser ( and its crew ) for an enemy dreadnought or superdreadnought more than equitable , which was one reason Honor hated their so - called tactical doctrine . European Otter ) and to assess the effectiveness of any derogation provisions that Member States might have applied to the Birds Conservation and Habitats Directive ; additionally it should also be immediately examined if the strict protection of fish - eating , ' problematic animal species' in specific regions seems to still be compliant with EU law at all , in order to be able to easily justify , on the basis of modified classifications , the necessary exceptions in the Member States ; deems it highly appropriate that Member States and local and regional authorities should support and develop education and training programmes adapted to aquaculture market needs and provide information on current supply and the growth policies being pursued ; would argue when it comes to knowledge transfer , best practice and innovation , that the Commission could proceed both by establishing the planned European market observatory and by encouraging Member States to steer their future operational programmes towards broader support for those aquaculture companies ( especially collective enterprises ) that are involved in knowledge transfer and innovation ;
L963	Promoting a level playing field for EU operators by exploiting their competitive advantages recognises the need for consumers to be kept up to date on the quality of all aquaculture products , European and other ; proper information can only serve to make the sector more competitive ; believes , when it comes to labelling and optional certification systems , that multiannual national strategic plans provide an up to date picture , a detailed overview of the state of play , as well as promote uniformity at EU level ; hopes that the strategic guidelines for the sustainable development of aquaculture in the EU will stress the role that can be played by producers ' organisations and coastal action groups in working together to promote aquaculture production and the regions where it takes place ; these are areas in which the regions can lend practical support ; considers , when it comes to the traceability of products and short food supply chains , that the Member States and the regions should capitalise on the positive experience garnered by the farming sector and promote its application to aquaculture companies so as to boost their competitiveness ; considers that local management plans for fisheries should be examined with a view to generating potential synergies with the aquaculture sector , given that they tackle issues such as nursery areas , the seasonal nature of production , market outlets , processing units formerly active in the fisheries sector , etc . ;
L964	A couple of wizards with a rather greater presence of mind had nipped smartly out of the door behind them , and now several college porters were advancing threateningly up the hall , to the cheers and catcalls of the students . Esk had never much liked the porters , who lived a private life in their lodge , but now she felt a pang of sympathy for them . Her arm disappeared behind her back and there was a brief flurry of movement that ended with the men hopping away , clutching bits of themselves and swearing . " Hatpin , " said Granny . The younger students , who knew free entertainment when they saw it , stamped and cheered and banged their plates on the long tables . The high table settled on the tiles with a thump and the senior wizards hurriedly lined up behind Cutangle as he tried to summon up his reserves of dignity . His efforts did n't really work ; it is very hard to look dignified with a napkin tucked into one 's collar . He raised his hands for silence , and the hall waited expectantly as Granny and Esk approached him . Granny was looking interestedly at the ancient paintings and statues of bygone mages . " Who are them buggers ? " she said out of the corner of her mouth . " They used to be chief wizards , " whispered Esk .
L965	Truth is I was never much of a player . Not like my little brother here . He 's got the gift . Keeps playing the way he does , yeah . I like to hear that . Right , Tim ? You bet . Do both parents live here in Dillon ? Dad is down in Corpus Christi He 's working on a driving range .. Does n't get home a whole heck of a lot . Yeah ... Jim ! Aiden , stay here . Information on volumes is given in pieces , but cells and modules are reported together . Prior to action [ Year n-1 ] What 's not to like ? What 's not to like ? Nothing . You see . You 're finally starting to understand . This is why I 'm a legend among my people . Did I tell you about when I wrestled the Nemean lion ? [ made a promise . I have to kill Pasiphae . Guards ! He fled before I could see his face . No , I was sleeping . Where did you find that ? In Princess Ariadne 's chambers . Assessments of the following by the Paediatric Committee shall be free of charge : ( d ) compliance with the agreed paediatric investigation plan .
L966	Article 49 1 . Without prejudice to the Protocol on the Privileges and Immunities of the European Communities , each Member State shall determine the penalties to be applied for infringement of the provisions of this Regulation or the implementing measures adopted pursuant to it in relation to medicinal products authorised through the procedures laid down in Directive 2001/83/EC and shall take all measures necessary for their implementation . The penalties shall be effective , proportionate and dissuasive . Member States shall inform the Commission of these provisions by 26 October 2007 . They shall notify any subsequent alterations as soon as possible . The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts , in accordance with Article 38 , concerning the further specification of the measures referred to in paragraph 1 . I have lots of new material . I could put up a show . Mom ... My last night in my home . It 'll be " our home " from now on . Can you sleep when he 's around ? I learnt to sleep alone , did n't I ? I 'll learn . Itjust happened . I 'm really sorry . I always knew Sami liked you . Why did n't you say anything ? Perhaps I thought that if I let him keep his dreams - he will let me keep mine .
L967	The estimated fair value of floating rates loans are assumed to approximate their carrying amount since re - pricing at market interest rates takes place every 6 months . At the balance sheet date the estimated fair value of fixed interest bearing loans and borrowings amount to EUR 90 million ( 2006 : EUR 93 million ) and EUR 89 million ( 2006 : EUR 93 million ) , respectively , compared to corresponding book value of EUR 87 million ( 2006 : EUR 87 million ) and EUR 87 million ( 2006 : EUR 87 million ) , respectively . It 's your world . I 'm just living in it . But what the hell did I care ? Letterman was an okay guy . Let him take potshots at me . So long as I got paid and got to plug my comics . I think to myself , you look like every police artist sketch I 've ever seen . He kept wanting me back . It was about a year ago , this month ... That 's right . No , last month . A year ago , last month , you made your first appearance on the show . You'il never see me again . Please , Tony , I do n't want to die . I never did nothing to nobody . No , you never did nothing to nobody . You had somebody else do it for you . Tony , I am begging you .
L968	An equalisation of the increase in value of property takes place also where the marriage is annulled , unless this would be grossly inequitable in view of the circumstances when the marriage was entered into or , in the case of a bigamous marriage , in view of the interests of the third party ( Section 1318 ( 3 ) BGB ) . An equalisation of provision - division of the pension entitlements acquired by the spouses during the marriage - takes place only if this would not be grossly inequitable ( Section 1318 ( 3 ) BGB ) . The spouse 's right of inheritance expires as in the case of a divorce , namely when the conditions for the annulment exist and a corresponding application has been served on the spouses . Additionally , the spouse 's right of inheritance also does not apply if the inheriting spouse was already aware , at the time of entering into the marriage , of the grounds for annulment : legal incapacity , bigamy , family relationship , breach of formalities or mental disturbance ( Section 1318 ( 5 ) BGB ) .
L969	As with divorce , maintenance rights exist pursuant to Section 1318 ( 2 ) BGB in the following circumstances : in favour of a spouse who was not aware of the reason for the annulment of the marriage or who , in cases of fraud and unlawful threats , has been deceived or threatened by the other spouse or with that spouse 's knowledge , in favour of both spouses in the event of breach of the prohibitions on marriage in the case of bigamous marriage and family relationship and in the event of contravention of the formalities for entering into a marriage , if both spouses were aware that the marriage was capable of being annulled ; this does not apply in the event of breach of the prohibition against marriage in the case of bigamous marriage where a spouse 's claim for maintenance would adversely affect a corresponding claim by the third spouse . Regulation ( EC ) No 3223/94 lays down , pursuant to the outcome of the Uruguay Round multilateral trade negotiations , the criteria whereby the Commission fixes the standard values for imports from third countries , in respect of the products and periods stipulated in the Annex thereto . In compliance with the above criteria , the standard import values must be fixed at the levels set out in the Annex to this Regulation , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION : And that 's all of the Vangers who live here . On that day , even more joined us .
L970	As a result of the conclusion of these agreements and addenda , the regional and/or local authorities carried out a wide array of measures aiming at extending the coverage of DTT in Area II , primarily through public tenders , as described above at paragraphs 32 to 35 . Are you trying to make me kill you ? Let 's try to stay focused on the murder that Mr. Koroa is poised to commit . To uncover his plans , we would need to have a man on the inside . I have reservation for penthouse suite . Sit , stall , stil . Yeah , NYPD , ma'am . Enjoy yourself . I have nothing to hide . You sure about that ? Told me she was n't using anymore . Now we have a problem . Guess what , Shaw . Tomas has a problem , and you 're the solution . I 'll reach out to my criminal contacts and set up a meeting . The railway undertaking shall be responsible for the operating safety of vehicles placed in service on the network . Lastly , according to the French Government , the fact that that interpretation of Article 275 TFEU is likely to deprive individuals of effective judicial protection against certain acts falling within the CFSP can not be sufficient to confer on the Court of Justice a jurisdiction not provided for by the Treaties .
L971	According to the French , Polish , Finnish and Swedish Governments , it is precisely in order to avoid the EU being systematically censured for violation of Articles 6 and 13 of the ECHR that Article 1(4 ) of the draft agreement and paragraphs 23 and 24 of the draft explanatory report make clear that it is for the Member States to guarantee protection of the right to obtain a judicial determination and of the right to an effective judicial remedy , particularly as , according to the Council , the EU does not enjoy any immunity from legal proceedings , in accordance with Protocol ( No 7 ) on the privileges and immunities of the European Union annexed to the EU , FEU and EAEC Treaties , and can therefore be sued for compensation in the national courts . 39 It must nevertheless be stated , as the applicant claims , that , although the difference in the first letter of the signs at issue creates a phonetic dissimilarity , the pronunciation of the group of the following four letters , ' olvo' , remains strictly identical and thus necessarily maintains a degree of similarity ( see , to that effect , Case T - 388/00 Institut für Lernsysteme v OHIM - ELS Educational Services ( ELS ) [ 2002 ] ECR II - 4301 , paragraphs 69 to 73 ) .
L972	The Court therefore holds that conceptual similarity plays only a very minor role in the present case in the assessment of the similarity of the signs at issue . 44 It therefore follows from the foregoing that , although the Board of Appeal was right to find that the mark applied for SOLVO and the earlier word sign VOLVO are not visually and conceptually similar , it made an error of assessment in precluding any phonetic similarity . 45 The Office claims however that , in the present case , the goods in question , namely software dedicated to the field of warehouse management and container terminal systems , are aimed at a professional public ; in this respect , account should be taken of their relatively high degree of attention for the purposes of the review of the legality of the Board of Appeal 's assessment regarding the similarity of the signs at issue . 46 The Court observes however that the Board of Appeal failed to take into consideration the target public for the purposes of assessing the similarity of the signs at issue . By its argument , the Office seeks therefore not to produce evidence of such a kind as to clarify an existing statement of reasons in the decision in question , but to put forward an additional ground in support of the Board of Appeal 's conclusion in the contested decision - a ground which does not appear in that decision .
L973	That company or individual is thus forced to choose a lawyer with whom he can communicate and who knows the language , procedure and modus operandi of the courts in that other State . Once the defendant has found that lawyer and decided to place trust in him , the question whether the lawyer is to represent him in the said State before the court of one town or another really has no effect except on the amount of his expenses . Following examination of an application for the establishment of maximum residue limits for firocoxib in Equidae and in order to allow for the completion of minor scientific validation of studies , it is considered appropriate to include firocoxib in Annex III to Regulation ( EEC ) No 2377/90 for Equidae species . Following examination of an application for the modification of those maximum residue limits , it is considered appropriate to include triclabendazole in that Annex for all ruminants for muscle , fat , liver and kidney , excluding animals producing milk for human consumption amending the maximum residue limits values .
L974	An adequate period should be allowed before the applicability of this Regulation in order to enable Member States to make any necessary adjustment in the light of this Regulation to the authorisations to place the veterinary medicinal products concerned on the market which have been granted in accordance with Directive 2001/82/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 November 2001 on the Community code relating to veterinary medicinal products ( 2 ) . The Chair of the Supervisory Board of the ECB may , at the request of the euro Group , be heard on the execution of its supervisory tasks by the euro Group in the presence of representatives from any participating Member States whose currency is not the euro . Subject : The economic crisis and micro - enterprises in Lithuania Joint answer from the Commission ( 27 October 2010 ) Yeah . If you want to get them , I need your help . Yeah . Do you recognise any of your attackers ? Yeah . Let 's go . The guy in the yellow T - shirt . Check the back room . The competent authority may remove a temporary administrator at any time and for any reason . That ought to get us to long island , do n't you think ? Yes , you have . I have ? Yeah , you 've been to queens . Queens is long island . Queens is part of new york city .
L975	And there were migrating peoples coming into the Empire . You might know these as the Ostrogoths , the Visigoths , the Huns . That 's our daily bread . To reenable the port , disconnect the hardware and click Reset . If you click Close , the port will no longer function . Power Surge On Hub Port The port was not reset properly . If you wish to use the port , please reboot . Try reconnecting the device . One of the USB devices attached to this computer has malfunctioned , and Windows does not recognize it . For assistance in solving this problem , click this message . Defendant : Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market ( Trade Marks and Designs ) Other party to the proceedings before the Board of Appeal : Demharter GmbH ( Dillingen , Germany ) Ooh . It 's very nice to meet you too . Oh , Your Majesty , you 're such a tease . Hello . Hello . New rules to simplify the financial management of the funds One programme = one fund From this , the ERDF and the ESF can each finance in a complementary and limited fashion actions falling within the scope of the assistance of another fund ( this is limited to no more than 10 % of the resources allocated by the Community to each priority area of an operational programme )
L976	Automatic decommitment : A portion of the budgetary commitment is automatically decommitted by the Commission if it has not been used or if no payment application has been received by the end of the second year following that of the budgetary commitment ( n+2 ) For Bulgaria , the Czech Republic , Estonia , Greece , Cyprus , Latvia , Lithuania , Hungary , Malta , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Slovenia and Slovakia , the deadline is set for the end of the third year ( n+3 ) between 2007 and 2010 , under their operational programmes . Conditions for financing : From now onwards the funds must target the priorities of the European Union regarding the promotion of competitiveness and job creation ( Lisbon strategy ) . The Commission and the Member States oversee that 60 % of the expenditure of all Member States for Convergence and 75 % of the expenditure for Competitiveness and Employment target these priorities . Click here ( PDF , 79 KB ) to view the categories of expenditure . And that , the thought of my duty and my dearest desire , to make John squeal before I wrung his neck , is what 's kept me going for , as you describe it , two generations ! " Hermann could only say , " It grieves me to hear that . " BURTON , SUFFERING AGAIN FROM HIS CURSED INSOMNIA , LEFT his cabin quietly .
L977	The A deck was entirely shrouded . Directly above , the sky blazed brightly , but to the west clouds were swiftly moving toward the boat . Though the Rex was anchored in a small bay two miles up from the strait , The Valley had broadened only a little here . It was a cold place , gloomy , despondency - making . John had had a difficult time keeping up morale here . Burton yawned , stretched , and thought about lighting up a cigarette or perhaps a cigar . Damn his sleeplessness ! This incredible , magical pen that nobody knows how it could disappear ? It 's not a principle anymore now it 's a pen ? Oh . They 're an organic soy - cotton blend . Here . Be careful . Abed , think about this for one second if a single one of us leaves this room before we find that pen , how can any of us trust anyone in this group ever again ? I 'm not comfortable standing around in my all - together like you two anorex jeze ... Oh ! I 'm so sorry . That was really mean . Annie , I 'd just like to say , on behalf of whoever actually stole this pen , I real am sorry about all this . Let him finish - I am finished .
L978	If we have to choose between turning on each other or pinning it on some specter with unfinished , pen - related business , I 'm sorry , but my money 's on ghost . Well , I 'm not a religious person , but I 've seen specials on the paranormal . " He 's the best . Seldon 's discontent did not dwindle . " There 's the air - jet , " she said . It was a small one with oddly shaped wings . Standing beside it was a small man , dressed in the usual glaring Trantorian colors . Dors said , " We 're psycho . " ( c ) 30 % of the matched weighted position in zone two ; ( d ) 30 % of the matched weighted position in zone three ; That 's what the professor would say if were n't in jail facing a life sentence . Guys ! Guys ! Being overclocked was a start , but once I activate this processor , I 'll be all , like , I ca n't believe how stupid I used to be and you still are ! What are all these pagey things ? Look out ! You 're overheating ! Yeah , now I 'm water - cooled . I can stimulate my intellect without further thermodynamical disruption . I miss the old , illiterate Bender . 30 dollars . I will give you the answer . More than ten million U.S. dollars .
L979	- Elliot ... It is equal , no ? I knew it . It must be equal . Thank you . You had William Santiago 's letter . Santiago was the only eyewitness . And now we'il never know , will we , Mr. McGuire ? No more questions . Rifle Security Company Windward , Second Platoon Bravo . Corporal , were you present at a meeting that Lieutenant Kendrick held ... on the afternoon of September 6 with the members of the Second Platoon ? Yes , sir . Did that make you mad ? Did it make you mad ? How mad ? Were Dawson and Downey ? Is the government counsel ... honestly asking the witness to testify as to how my clients felt ? As long as I did notcross it , I would be left alone . Then they took two cows , and I never saw them again . They were n't interested inthe satellite dish in the yard ? It has n't functioned for years . Information on the production capacity of the company , and in particular on utilisation of this capacity , capacity reductions . You will give me the Tear , or we will slaughter you . " " Why do you seek the Tear ? " asked Jazhara . According to information provided by the Spanish authorities on 17 September 2008 , there are no plans to extend it further ( as mentioned under Article I(2 ) of the Textile Plan itself ) .
L980	However , as some ( big ) Member States prefer to continue decentralised control management via harmonised legal control rates per customs office of export , the opportunity for opting in the summarised norm is introduced . [ 1 ] OJ L 42 , 16.2.1990 , p.6 . ( ii ) any period during which , in respect of the invalidity which followed that incapacity for work , he has received benefits within the meaning of this Chapter 2 and of Chapter 3 that follows , of the Regulation granted in respect of invalidity under the legislation of the second Member State , as if it were a period during which cash sickness benefits were paid to him under the legislation of the first Member State or during which he was incapable or working within the meaning of that legislation.' When ? Will you come back later ? I need to be with my family , your Grace . You think highly of this boy ? Good ! It is a bastard by some tavern slut . Perhaps . But that was n't Ned Starks way . I should 've given you a son . I 've given us nothing but weakness ... and deformity . Those scars mean nothing to the Lord of Light . Until ... Then you went home ? Mm - hmm , right after I collected my records . Your ... your what ? " Enola Gay " by OMD . Yeah .
L981	Come on . We got ta get going . Brand - new , she was . Are something more deliberate than that . I fear the stories I carry with me Are my sole comfort . All I knew were the stories I was told Of monsters and valiant men ... " Figured if anyone was going to make a trophy of you , So now you have everyone 's eyes where you want them , On the two of us , what happens next ? When it happens , Once I 'm free , whenever it is , You wo n't want to get in my way . Did n't come all this way to have them kill you steps from the gallows . Flint : They 're all trying so hard to convince themselves That they have nothing to be afraid of . How is running gon na change that ? That we remind them That they were right to be afraid . What are you doing ? I wish to speak on behalf of the defendant . You have not been recognized . Shooting the moon ? Pass 3 cards please Nice move Did n't see that coming ! I got the corner ! Nice comeback Not again ! Play the card game Hearts with other people from around the world . Score History Pass Pass Left Pass Right Scores Points : % 1 That application was also made on 24 February 2012 .
L982	57 It follows from recital 5 in the preamble to the Regulation that , to ensure equal treatment for all children , the Regulation covers all decisions on parental responsibility , including measures for the protection of the child ( Case C - 435/06 C [ 2007 ] ECR I - 10141 , paragraphs 47 and 48 ) . The Sword was to draw its strength from the minds of the mortals for whom it acted as a shield - the power of the Sword was their own desire to remain free , to give up even their lives to preserve that freedom . " No , " Susannah agreed , smiling into the three identical- and identically dumbfounded - faces . " It 's really not . " " We 'll be pushing on , " Roland said , and made another bow over his cocked leg . " Say thankya , say may ya do well , " Susannah put in , and once more spread her invisible skirts . She and Roland began to turn away . And that was when Feemalo and Fumalo , still down on their knees , reached inside the open baskets before them . She drew the revolver from her belt and shot down the one on her left - Fumalo - just as he swung a long - barreled silver gun out of the basket . Roland drew from his holster , as blindingly fast as ever , and fired a single shot .
L983	Feemalo , also holding one of the silver guns , collapsed slowly forward across his basket of food with a dying expression of surprise on his face and a bullet - hole dead center in his forehead . FIVE Fimalo stood where he was , on the far side of the bridge . Pak Su Ji or the Texas Longhorn ? So , why am I looking at a bullet from an L.A. case file ? This one was planned for specific damage , so Ducky was right . So that means the ballistics report is not done yet ? Okay . Hey , McGee ? I do ? Yeah . It 's , uh ... it 's becoming , actually . Is there anything you want to tell me ? ( d ) identify measures , including the legal and economic separation of particular functions or business lines , that are necessary to facilitate group resolution when the conditions for resolution are met ; ( f ) identify how the group resolution actions could be financed and , where the financing arrangement would be required , set out principles for sharing responsibility for that financing between sources of funding in different Member States . Okay . I 'm sorry . Just say it nicely . All right . Love you . It 's just this eye condition . Ping ... Wait , what ? Pingueculitis . Is it ... Is it contagious ? No .
L984	What 's going on ? Have you gone mad ? Did n't you hear us ? What am I going to hear ? I 'm here with my girlfriend . You come barging in at a delicate moment . You 're not this woman 's husband ? Husband ? I do n't know her . You told us he was your husband . Are you crazy ? How could you ? This is n't my fault . Madam , please ! Pardon us . Each Member State shall make available on their public website the list of designated ports and associated inspection and surveillance procedures for those ports , including the terms and conditions for recording and reporting the quantities of cod within each landing . The Commission shall transmit this information to all Member States . The guy said you could walk right past the SS guard on your way to the liquor store , like . However , it should be noted that there are no clear dividing lines between categories , and the different product segments overlap . A number of models can be classified in more than one category . Wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water and dry them with a towel . So alone ! Your pod crashed ? Where is it ? She needed me and I , her . You empathized with her . You wanted to be with her because she was alone like you . I want my family ! It 's not fair !
L985	Cache bitmaps to disk Save my password Disk drives Printers If the applicant declares that the headlamp is to be used with a single filament lit ( 2 ) at a time , the test shall be carried out in accordance with this condition , activating each specified function successively for half the time specified in paragraph 1.1 : In all other cases , the headlamp shall be subjected to the following cycle until the time specified is reached : 15 minutes , passing - beam filament lit 5 minutes , all filaments lit . ( c ) in the case of grouped lighting functions all the individual functions shall be lit simultaneously for the time specified for individual lighting functions ( a ) also taking into account the use of reciprocally incorporated lighting functions ( b ) , according to the manufacturer 's specifications . The applied wattage shall in all cases comply with the corresponding value of a filament lamp of 12 V rated voltage , except if the applicant for approval specifies that the headlamp may be used at a different voltage . You 're starting to scare me . I mean , I really like you , but I have to assume you 're a little nutty if you really believe you 're not beautiful . Rosie . Wait a second . Well , it was too good to be true . Rosemary . What are you talking about ? All I ever didwas tell her how perfect she was .
L986	Really ? Yeah . You 're not serious . When they did happen to venture out of the region of facts , they never went so far as to attempt to divine the intentions of the Muscovite government , or even to criticize them . This was especially remarked by a traveler in a carriage at the front part of the train . This person -- evidently a stranger- made good use of his eyes , and asked numberless questions , to which he received only evasive answers . Every minute leaning out of the window , which he would keep down , to the great disgust of his fellow - travelers , he lost nothing of the views to the right . He inquired the names of the most insignificant places , their position , what were their commerce , their manufactures , the number of their inhabitants , the average mortality , etc . , and all this he wrote down in a note - book , already full . This was the correspondent Alcide Jolivet , and the reason of his putting so many insignificant questions was , that amongst the many answers he received , he hoped to find some interesting fact " for his cousin . " Finding , therefore , that he could learn nothing of the Tartar invasion , he wrote in his book , " Travelers of great discretion . Very close as to political matters . "
L987	I had three days , and now this . I 'm sorry . Tuck your elbows in . What 's that smell ? Oh , man . This is the sewer ! Is there an opening ? There 's bars and shit over here . Oh , shit ! ê 21 . It 's of no consequence , Sire . It 's just that you bear ... ... an uncanny resemblance to someone we both know . Ladies and gentlemen ... ... you are about to witness the most spectacular feat ... ... ever attempted by the greatest daredevil in the world . The Great Leslie . He will be strapped in a straitjacket before your very eyes ... ... and lifted up into the clouds ... ... where eagles soar and no sparrow dares to venture . Ladies and gentlemen , you are about to witness a feat ... ... so dangerous that only one man would dare attempt it . The Magnificent Professor Fate . Attach the hooks . The professor will defy death as his assistant ... ... swoops down from the sky , snares the professor ... ... on the ground and lifts him into the air . Look at the pretty face on that ... This great nation can not take a back seat to competitors like Daimler ... ... Mercedes , Napier , Rolls - Royce , Dietrich or Panhard . Gentlemen , I propose to prove that the American automobile ... ... your automobile , is without peers .
L988	Fifty dollars for every exclusive story I send back ... ... and a hundred dollars for every photograph . How do you define a happy marriage . He said , " Well , you saw one another often ? " " What ? Baley winced . " Of course , we did . But I had my quarters and he had his . He had a very important career which took much of his time and I have my own work . We viewed each other whenever necessary . " He saw you , didn t he ? Gladia jumped to her feet in obvious agitation . " That 's too much . Ataxia and other preclinical signs have preceded the vacuolisation and necrosis . As the effects have neither been observed in long term studies in rodents nor in non - rodents , the clinical relevance of these findings is unknown . Specific ophthalmoscopic examinations in clinical studies with memantine did not disclose any ocular changes . Phospholipidosis in pulmonary macrophages due to accumulation of memantine in lysosomes was observed in rodents . There is a possible relationship between this accumulation and the vacuolisation observed in lungs . This effect was only observed at high doses in rodents . There was no evidence of any carcinogenicity in life long studies in mice and rats . Memantine was not teratogenic in rats and rabbits , even at maternally toxic doses , and no adverse effects of memantine were noted on fertility . Come on .
L989	Stay low . Well , I do see the irony . I 'm invalidating the subroutines on the infirmary computers with a Rousten binary worm . So that they 'll need someone who understands tertiary codex to make the repairs . Yeah . Who are you going to call ? Yeah , I know . So since we 're doing favors , can I ask you something I ca n't really talk about with anyone else ? If it has to do with the mechanics of sexual activity in zero G , no . It 's not that . Although now I have several questions . He realized that I was n't happy He asked me to go to the USA with him Since he treats me so well I 'm fine with it ! List of Presidents of the Italian Chamber of Deputies List of Presidents of the United States List of Pretty Little Liars episodes Also contains colourant indigocarmine ( E132 ) and other constituents . " I wo n't ask about it , " Rodgers said . " Listen , I 've got something I need you to check on . You better quit on this . We 're nuts . The one at your feet . Jesus . Cheswick . That ... that worthless idiot , why is he stuck in front of the mirror ? Damn , he 's preparing to go out ! When you 're free , try to learn cooking , cooking ...
L990	That 's the first time I have someone like you ... I want to become a pro - gamer . What ? You shitty bastard , what are you doing to me ? See you tomorrow , sir . - Wait to see if you can take the bike ... A glass of water ! Sure . Buy a lighter ... Hee - Mi ? You would never do that . Who told you that ? Joey Osso ? You tell Joey Osso that sometimes in the heat of passion , the little head tells the big head what to do , and that the big head should think twice about it . All right . You OK ? - No . My brother got beat up in your neighbourhood . Calogero , please do n't lie to me . We 'll see who 's lying . Believe me , I did n't touch him . Willy ! We 'll get this straight right now . Yeah , that 's him . That 's him . Yes . I just moved in . You rented the apartment of that girl that jumped out of the window ? Yes . Did you know her ? Came in every morning . Always sat in the same place , right there where you are now . Never coffee . She 'd say , If I have a coffee I ca n't sleep for two days . It 's a question of habit . Would you like a chocolate ?
L991	A young girl like that killing herself . I ca n't imagine why . No reason at all , probably . A moment of depression and wham , it 's all over . Returning to my own cell , I found Xodar still sitting in the same position in which I had left him . " Man , " I cried , " it will profit you nothing to mope thus . It were no disgrace to be bested by John Carter . You have seen that in the ease with which I accounted for Thurid . You knew it before when on the cruiser 's deck you saw me slay three of your comrades . " " I would that you had dispatched me at the same time , " he said . " There is hope yet . Why not win to freedom ? " " You know not of what you speak , " he replied . " Issus is omnipotent . Issus is omniscient . She knows the thoughts you think . I might be away a week or month ... ... but if you can wait , I'll find you . Something 's wrong . Go , get him ! Alive ! Lets go ! Cris . Oh , shit ! Run ! Get him out of here . Let 's get him out of here . I got you . You allright ? Subversives , one and all .
L992	I remember waiting for that verdict in this little room ... and pacing backwards and forwards in a figure eight like a demented bee . And I knew what life would be like in a tiny cell and ... ( SMACK LIPS ) Stressful . For real , why my hair turned white . You do n't get far in this world by relying on others . People ... The tyrants we 're up against have men , money and guns ... and I do n't have an army to fight them with . And you . MALE TV ANCHOR 1 : The firewall of Chinese censorship was punctured this week ... as WikiLeaks published 35 videos of the Tibetan protest ... which quickly went viral . MALE IV ANCHOR 2 : Following the fire at the Monju reactor ... officials played down the extent of the damage ... and denied the existence of any footage of the sodium spill . The video , now streaming on the WikiLeaks site . FEMALE TV ANCHOR : The documents , the so - called Bibles of Scientology ... have been collected and published on WikiLeaks ... and they do little to change the minds of skeptics . And they had elected a fellow by the name of Xemu ... uh , could be spelled X - E - M - U ... to the Supreme Rulah , and they were about to UN - elect him . Yum .
L993	What ? It 's my Uncle Roy . Just drink up . False alarm . Sorry . We 're cool . Knowing , for example , that 23 years after World War II , a multicolored France demonstrated against my deportation by claiming " We are all German Jews " provides food for thought . But this does not justify the hasty comparison - and even less the identification - of every protest today with " '68 . " After 40 years , the context has changed radically . The world of the Cold War is gone , as are schools and factories organized like barracks , authoritarian trade unions , gay bashing , and women 's obligation to receive permission from their husbands before being able to work or open a bank account . That world has been replaced by a multilateral world , which includes AIDS , unemployment , energy and climate crises , and so on . So let 's permit new generations to define their own battles and desires . Demystifying " '68 " also exposes the pretense of those who would blame it for all the wrongs of today 's world . Is this affecting you and the kids ? You know , but I have my reservations . Well , if you guys ever need a place to crash away from him ... You know , our house is too big . Dixie , it 's not gon na come to that .
L994	Yes , it will be just great . What fucking channel were you watching me on , motherfucker , Bollywood Classics ? Come on , man . Just joking around . Kind of a ... - You know what ? I 'm done with this , dude . I thought I was gon na come over here and have some good camaraderie with you dudes . President Rhee Syngman . " Sergeant Lee Jin - tae ! You finally made it . There should have beena formal ceremony . Be in position by 1800 hours tomorrow . See you at the next place . It 's about my brother . I 'll make an official request with the division commander . Thank you , sir . I 'm afraid we 're going towards Seoul . Further south , across Nak - dong River . Do you know where Jin - seok is ? He left a minute ago . On his own ? The contents of each tube are mixed and poured over the surface of a selective agar plate . Overlay agar is allowed to solidify and plates are incubated at 37 C for 48 to 72 hours . At the end of the incubation period , revertant colonies per plate are counted . That could leave them brain dead , but not die right away . Of course , Cordell ... 911 screwed up , but your sister had the Good Samaritan . Who ?
L995	Made from acorns - So dude , I 'm not eatlng any of thls You got any normal food ? cereal ... uh ... On the floor ! All right , let 's search the place . Mike ? Criminal mastermind , no ? All right , Milo , we have everything we need on you . You know that . Essentially , we own you right now . You got that ? I mean , we know you shot Dion and that nice old lady . And we 're here to help save you the trouble of having to pretend you did n't do it . No 305/91 of 4 February 1991 ( OJ 1991 L 37 , p. 1 ) , ( ' the basic regulation' ) seeks , in the context of the common organisation of the markets in the sugar sector ( ' the COM in sugar' ) , to maintain the necessary guarantees in respect of employment and standards of living for producers of the basic products and sugar manufacturers in the European Community and to ensure the continuous supply of sugar to all consumers at reasonable prices , by stabilising the sugar market . 3 Accordingly , it regulates the production , import and export of sugar . In particular , it provides for a system of production quotas which , according to the 15th recital in its preamble , constitutes a means of guaranteeing producers Community prices and an outlet for their production .
L996	4 Under that quota system , Article 24 of the basic regulation fixes for each marketing year ( that is to say , from 1 July in one year until 30 June in the following year ) basic quantities for ' A sugar' and ' B sugar' , to be allocated by each Member State to the sugar - producers established in its territory . Each sugar - producing undertaking is thus allocated one A quota and one B quota for each marketing year . 5 C sugar is not eligible for the price support system or for the export refunds system . Furthermore , C sugar may not be disposed of on the internal market and must , accordingly , be disposed of outside the Community and sold on the world market . Article 26 of the basic regulation provides in that regard : Everybody knows your reputation . But I wo n't have to lie . Buried in your coma patient 's big , big file is a form that does n't allow treatment without the expressed consent of the relatives . Wait ... You drew blood . And that 's not just a screwup . As you may recall ... You set me up ? Why ? Because this patient is the highest priority . I was hiding her son being sick ! She reported me to the bar . Yes , I know that .
L997	Let 's just see how it all lands at dyad . Confirmed all clear , S. Mrs. S ! Hello , darling ! Thank you , Benjamin . Safe enough , yet ? What about me ? Come here , you . Cosima . Cosima ! Hold on to your hat . Yeah , I locked you out . Okay . Allie ! I 'm like you now . Graham ! I 'll kill you ! Graham , stay inside ! EXIT Allie ? Hey , here you are . Do n't make me come get you . The notification shall be sent at least 10 days prior to the signature of the contract by the ECB if the notification is sent by fax or electronic means , or at least 15 days prior to the signature of the contract if other means of communication are used.' ; Article 29 is amended as follows : I 'm not , it 's frozen solid ! You can prove my wife is a Japanese orphan ? OK Walter please . Your father was a drunk . He was a jerk . So what ? It happens . Come on . You too Toni . Hey ! I 'm trying to sleep here asshole . Amir let 's rewind a second . First time you call ... No cuff . ... you 're in a hole the size of the Grand Canyon crying about having to hock your fiancée 's ring .
L998	Now today you 're calling me from a red convertible F1 Ferrari is n't that it ? That 's all right , my dear . Now , shall we proceed ? Is n't it ? They tell me he was so crooked that when he died , they had to screw him into the ground . Shh . Here you are , Joyce . Here . Thanks . You 're under arrest for the murder of Creighton Tolliver . Does he understand ? The pansy . A kid diving in a water holeoutside of town had found his car . Beaten to death . Inside his briefcase were the partnership papers I 'd signed , Showing that I 'd given him ten grand . For the district attorney , that made it fall into place . I 'd gotten Doris to steal the money . The pansy had gotten wise somehow , so I had to kill him to cover my tracks . On the arraignment calendar , People v. As the temple burnt , the Talmud tells us the High Priest walked into the flames . He took the key to the top of the building , the heavens opened and received the key from the priest 's outstretched hand . We have been looking for that key ever since . And you may have found it . That 's what happened . You 're a bastard ! You are completely fine . You know what you want to do ?
L999	Maybethink about investing in some mouthwash . Ha - ha , minty fresh . Oh , God ! God , sorry ! Good , good . No , that 's good , that 's excellent . I can assure you , Miss Clore , that your toe bone is certainly not broken . It 's probably just strained . Thank you , Dr Statham . Using the , er , the old pre - radiology diagnostic technique of checking for broken bones , erm , orally . So what 's your favourite colour ? Well , I 'm really glad you came . You were great . Thank you . It was epic . Yeah , I know . Yeah , well , she had earplugs . Wow , that would -- that would be really sweet . Thank you . I have something for you . ♪ Just tear me down Kyle , what is this ? I just -- That 's not what I was gon na say . He 's an informant from my days in narcotics . You 're anton ? What about this prado guy ? Oh , yeah , I've seen him before . Oscar prado was into freebo for some serious cash . Ah , fuck him . And put me on this . Some dead - end jane doe . Looks like he 's still in miami . We 're supposed to see hope in children .
L1000	And germs . But that 's another matter . I love kids . If a market surveillance authority finds that a toy is not in conformity with the requirements set out in Article 10 and Annex II , it shall , where appropriate , instruct the notified body to withdraw the EC - type examination certificate in respect of that toy . Amendment 10 RECITAL 18 ( 18 ) In the interests of a more targeted but flexible system of support for the fruit and vegetables sector and in the interests of simplification , it is therefore appropriate to abolish the existing aid schemes and include fruit and vegetables fully into the scheme established by Regulation ( EC ) No 1782/2003 . Provision should also be made for the establishment by Member States of reference amounts and eligible hectares under the single payment scheme on the basis of a representative period appropriate to the market of each fruit and vegetable product and of appropriate objective and non - discriminatory criteria . National ceilings should be amended appropriately . Provision should also be made for the Commission to adopt detailed rules and any necessary transitional measures . A. Fratini and M. Bottino , lawyers ) Defendant : European Commission ( represented by : B. De Meester and D.
L1001	Re : Application for annulment of the Commission 's letter of 19 March 2014 addressed to the applicant and rejecting its request for initiation of a temporary withdrawal procedure in respect of the generalised preferential arrangements granted to the Republic of India , the Islamic Republic of Pakistan and the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia with regard to raw hides and semi - manufactured leather goods . There is no longer any need to adjudicate on the application for intervention made by the Republic of Italy . The Unione nazionale industria conciaria ( UNIC ) shall bear its own costs and those incurred by the Commission . Computer programs are essentially trees , and when you make art with a computer program , there 's kind of a problem . Whenever you make art with a computer program , you 're always on the tree , and the paradox is that for excellent art , you want to be off the tree . So , this is sort of a complication I 've found . So to get off the tree , I began to use my old computers . I took these to Tokyo in 2001 to make computer objects . This is a new way to type , on my old color Classic . You ca n't type very much on this . I also discovered that an IR mouse responds to CRT emissions and starts to move by itself , so this is a self - drawing machine .
L1002	2201 ) , in which the Court of Justice ruled that Articles 8 and 9 of Directive 98/34/EC ( formerly 83/189/EEC ) are to be interpreted as meaning that individuals may rely on them before national courts which must decline to apply a national technical regulation which has not been notified in accordance with the Directive . This judgement confirms the Commission 's communication of 1 October 1986 ( OJ C 245 , 1.10.1986 , p. 4 ) . Accordingly , breach of the obligation to notify renders the technical regulations concerned inapplicable , and consequently unenforceable against individuals . European Commission DG Enterprise and Industry , Unit C3 BE - 1049 Brussels e - mail : Dir83 - 189-Central cec.eu.int Also consult the website : http://europa.eu.int/comm/enterprise/tris/ If you require any further information on these notifications , please contact the national departments listed below : I think Lori 's gon na like that . You know , I had a vision of what this product would look like . And you carried it out and exceeded my expectations in a way that ... It - it 's touching . Sometimes I feel like you 're my arms . I 'm really proud of the way that you 're handling this . Y - Your man problems . No , honey , you 're the one with the man problems . I do n't have the man problems . I 'm being so nice to you because you 're the one who has the man problems .
L1003	No , you have man problems and that 's why I 'm being nice to you right now . Honey , honey , honey ... What man problems did you think I had ? I admit that in the case of an illicit initiative communicated by a third party , which is also an undertaking active on a related market , one should not exclude the possibility of attributing the resulting restriction to unilateral behaviour of that third party . This could be the case , in my opinion , if both the illicit initiative itself and the related actions in its implementation could exclusively be attributed to that third party , which acted in its autonomous interest . I took Doris 's keys . I do n't think so . ' ( d ) in paragraph 8 , renumbered 7 , the words " by the same majority " shall be deleted.' Still dwelling on that dyke ? What 'd I tell you ? She just needs the right guy . All every woman really wants is some serious deep - dicking . That I get . I 'm sure the gay community appreciates your support . We 'd like to start off by saying that it is a real pleasure to finally meet you . Snootchie bootchies ! - Huh ? We 're interested in doing 12 half - hour Bluntman & Chronic cartoons . What do you say ?
L1004	The competent authority may also require laboratory tests such as immunocytochemistry , immuno - blotting , demonstration of characteristic fibrils by electron microscopy or other methods designed to detect the disease associated form of the prion protein . In particular , where BSE is suspected in a species other than bovine animals , samples shall be submitted for strain - typing , where possible . Other CNS effects High doses of intravenously administered sufentanil are known to cause muscle rigidity , probably as a result of an effect on the substantia nigra and the striate nucleus . Gastrointestinal effects Analgesic plasma concentrations of sufentanil may provoke nausea and vomiting by irritation of the chemoreceptor trigger zone . Gastrointestinal effects of sufentanil comprise decreased propulsive motility , reduced secretion and increased muscle tone ( up to spasms ) of the sphincters of the gastrointestinal tract ( see section 4.4 ) . Cardiovascular effects Low doses of intravenous sufentanil associated with likely vagal ( cholinergic ) activity cause mild bradycardia and mildly reduced systemic vascular resistance without significantly lowering blood pressure ( see section 4.4 ) . Cardiovascular stability is also the result of minimal effects on cardiac preload , cardiac flow rate and myocardial oxygen consumption . Direct effects of sufentanil on myocardial function were not observed . Clinical efficacy and safety Analgesia
L1005	Jules reached under his coat and Rainbird once more prepared to shoot him . He would n't do it until the gun was clear of Jules 's jacket and his intention to march her back to the house was obvious . But the gun was only partway out when he dropped it to the barnboard floor with a cry . Charlie made a half turn away , as if Jules no longer interested her . Steam began to rise lazily from the bucket . ' Get out of here , you bastard , ' she said , ' or I 'll burn you up . I 'll fry you . ' John Rainbird raised Charlie a silent cheer . Jules stood looking at her , indecisive . Madame pursed her lips and lifted her chin . They kill one another by decapitation during their ritual combats . In theory a human could accomplish this , too , if it were possible to get close enough . There are two other ways in which Tanu may meet death , both very rare . If they had rescued him before his brain burned , they could have restored him to health in the usual Tanu fashion . " " Which is ? " Amerie asked . Chief Burke said , " They have a psychoactive substance that they call Skin . It looks like a thin plass membrane .
L1006	Tanu healers with a certain combination of PK and redact are able to work through this stuff in some metapsychic way . They just wrap the patient up and start cogitating . I have n't pulled on a uniform since we could still carry maglites . And if you happen to find yourself out of practice , you know , just ask a cop . Um , what about , uh , Litvack or Cho ? You 're the only D-2 left that 's cross - trained as a sergeant . Glad I went that extra mile . 20 years after the riots " is apparently ready to wrap . So our guests here from the National Television Service ... ... are only gon na be with us for one more watch , okay ? Somebody get my agent on the phone . Hey , all joking aside -- do not get sucked in . And you may think you can let your guard down
L1007	32 In that context , Article 1d(1 ) of Regulation No 216/96 , as amended , provides , in relation to the referral of a case following a ruling of the Courts of the Union , that if , pursuant to Article 63(6 ) of Regulation No 40/94 , the measures necessary to comply with a judgment of the Courts of the Union annulling all or part of a decision of a Board of Appeal or of the Grand Board of OHIM include re - examination by the Boards of Appeal of the case which was the subject of that decision , the Presidium is to decide if the case is to be referred to the Board which adopted that decision , or to another Board , or to the Grand Board of OHIM . Sir , are you Mr. Tyler Hackett ? What 's going on ? What 's going on ? -Kept telling her we ai n't on welfare ... ... but she did n't wanna listen . And I 've tried to explain it 's not that kind of welfare . Child Supervision and Services . Whatever , lady . It 's the only reason you get up in the morning , the only reason you suffer the shitty boss , the blood , the sweat and the tears . Shine on , you crazy diamond . Cos we 're just monkeys wrapped in suits , begging for the approval of others .
L1008	Can be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 ° C - 8 ° C ) . Okay . I 've got to get to him before she does . Tramp stamp . I think I 'm in love . Why do n't you show her your dick ? That 's disgusting . You are so judgmental , Morgan . Well , expect my man - boots up your ass if you 're wasting my time , okay ? Vincent ? Now what can I do you for ? As Senate hearings into the death of President Santiago enter their sixth week , evidence from President Clark 's physician has surfaced . Stay you . We have to listen . There have xanapatisei ice but the Trust Volkan . We should go from there come what may . You know something , Apache ? I think Volkan He has fallen in love ! Alex , do you read ? Who is it ? I , Norman . Is that you , Norman ? Very well . No , you ca n't . But you 've got to know when to stop , do n't you ? Droppings from the gods . ( 15 ) Giving Member States the possibility to exclude from the scope of national implementing legislation institutions managing schemes which together have less than 100 members in total can facilitate supervision in some Member States , without undermining the proper functioning of the internal market in this field .
L1009	However , this should not undermine the right of such institutions to appoint for the management of their investment portfolio and the custody of their assets investment managers and custodians established in another Member State and duly authorised . Metaphorically , in your case . Ranch or marinara ? How come I ca n't have both ? You sly fox . Two it is . What are you doing ? Ca n't you see you 're being manipulated ? Make sure to save room for our delicious apple pie . I thought you declared your mouth a no - pie zone . Seriously ? It 's not like I 'm having ice cream on it . For only a dollar more , you can . Deal . Concentrations were thus consistent with the time profile of the pharmacodynamic activity of insulin glargine . Insulin glargine injected once daily will reach steady state levels in 2 - 4 days after the first dose . When given intravenously the elimination half - life of insulin glargine and human insulin were comparable . The exposure to M1 increases with the administered dose of Toujeo . The pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic findings indicate that the effect of the subcutaneous injection with Toujeo is principally based on exposure to M1 . Insulin glargine and the metabolite M2 were not detectable in the vast majority of subjects and , when they were detectable their concentration was independent of the administered dose of Toujeo . Paediatric population
L1010	I paid for this shit ! - Fuck ! Djay , no ! Get the fuck off me ! Get off me ! - No ! No ! Talk now ! Hey . Hey , come here . Let go . You can go to hell , all I give a fuck . Y'all make him pay ! All right , man . This is what I got so far . Man , it seems like I 'm duckin ' Dodgin ' bullets every day But I got ta stay paid Got ta stay above water Follow the recommendations in each section . Helpful Information ( return to top ) The following issues are listed for your information only . Miscellaneous You should review the following issues before upgrading . Setup detected that two or more users share the same settings . Because Windows XP allows multiple users to log on simultaneously , settings can not be shared . Setup will only transfer settings for the user account that is currently logged on . You can create new user accounts after Setup completes . Please use path\filename to setup Windows XP for your machine type . Setup was unable to migrate the driver for this device . Product specification 3.1 . Name(s ) to be registered ( Article 2 of Regulation ( ЕC ) No 1216/2007 )
L1011	The product rapidly became popular , and has now been traditionally produced in Bulgaria under the above name for over 30 years . Whether reservation of the name is sought under Article 13(2 ) of Regulation ( ЕC ) No 509/2006 Registration with reservation of the name Registration without reservation of the name 3.4 . SP Jan 2010 COM Nov 2009 n.a . SP Nov 2008 n.a . Government gross debt ( % of GDP ) SP Jan 2010 COM Nov 2009 n.a . SP Nov 2008 n.a . No 1255/1999 of 17 May 1999 on the common organisation of the market in milk and milk products ( OJ L 160 , 26.6.1999 , p. 48 ) . Nan ... Nan ! For this test , the vehicle shall be laden and all brake applications carried out on a flat road . The service braking system of the vehicle shall be provided with a device that separates the front - wheel brakes from the rear - wheel brakes so that they can always be operated independently of one another . If an approval or a parts report is required in connection with a replacement brake disc / drum for the front - wheel brakes , the rear - wheel brakes shall remain inoperative throughout the test . If an approval or a parts report is required in connection with a replacement brake disc / drum for the rear - wheel brakes , the front - wheel brakes shall remain inoperative throughout the test .
L1012	It 's like I got my own Rain Man ! How much is that ? 50 cents . That 's spooky . I want to count cards with you ! Yeah , we got to do this . No , I do n't think that 's a good idea . Come on ! Like a family . I 'll teach you first thing in the morning . Yeah , I have an early pageant meeting . I ca n't . I did everything I could think of to make it happen , But it did n't work . But you promised . You know , it 's .... You know , Michelle is the only girl that I 've been with . Honestly , now , would you have passed up sex with Nadia ? DAD : Hypothetically . If you were n't married . She 's a college girl . ln a heartbeat . Oh , yeah . It 's not so much about ... who 's the dog and who 's the fire hydrant tonight . It 's deeper than that . The longer a marriage lasts , the longer you can go ... without sex . But when that magic night does happen ... it 's all the more meaningful . As long as the girls are worth it . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ° C ) .
L1013	I can do that . Fair enough . So , how did he convince The fbi to look into this ? And then confessed To murdering 10 people . Seriously ? Yes . How many victims Did he say ? Potentially 11 , Including his sister . Yes , ma'am , right now we Just consider them missing . No hometowns . Transitional instrument for the financing of rural development by the EAGGF Guarantee Section for the new Member States - Completion of programmes ( 2004 to 2006 ) p.m. p.m. p.m. p.m. Completion of rural development financed by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development ( EAFRD ) ( 2007 to 2013 ) Introductions made . Oh , and I 'm scarred , Mr. Quatermain , not blind . Drop the gun . Your mission is to stop me . While you profit from your arms race ? I can not deny that fortunes are made in war . He 's not wrong . Speak for yourself . Hang on . Dorian ! What are you ? Standardisation agreements The assessment of each standardisation agreement must take into account its likely effect on the markets concerned , on the one hand , and the scope of restrictions that possibly go beyond the objective of achieving efficiencies , on the other ( 128 ) .
L1014	As a general rule , standardisation agreements should cover no more than what is necessary to ensure their aims , whether this is technical interoperability and compatibility or a certain level of quality . In cases where having only one technological solution would benefit consumers or the economy at large that standard should be set on a non - discriminatory basis . Technology neutral standards can , in certain circumstances , lead to larger efficiency gains . Including substitute IPR ( 130 ) as essential parts of a standard while at the same time forcing the users of the standard to pay for more IPR than technically necessary would go beyond what is necessary to achieve any identified efficiency gains . In the same vein , including substitute IPR as essential parts of a standard and limiting the use of that technology to that particular standard ( that is to say , exclusive use ) could limit inter - technology competition and would not be necessary to achieve the efficiencies identified . Restrictions in a standardisation agreement making a standard binding and obligatory for the industry are in principle not indispensable . In a similar vein , standardisation agreements that entrust certain bodies with the exclusive right to test compliance with the standard go beyond the primary objective of defining the standard and may also restrict competition .
L1015	This concerns , inter alia , the certification fee which needs to be reasonable and proportionate to the cost of the compliance testing . Standard terms It is generally not justified to make standard terms binding and obligatory for the industry or the members of the trade association that established them . The possibility can not , however , be ruled out that making standard terms binding may , in a specific case , be indispensable to the attainment of the efficiency gains generated by them . The refund thus calculated for sugar containing added flavouring or colouring matter must apply to their sucrose content and , accordingly , be fixed per 1 % of the said content . In special cases , the amount of the refund may be fixed by other legal instruments . The refund must be fixed every two weeks . It may be altered in the intervening period . The first subparagraph of Article 27(5 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1260/2001 provides that refunds on the products referred to in Article 1 of that Regulation may vary according to destination , where the world market situation or the specific requirements of certain markets make this necessary . The significant and rapid increase in preferential imports of sugar from the western Balkan countries since the start of 2001 and in exports of sugar to those countries from the Community seems to be highly artificial .
L1016	Article 1 The export refunds on the products listed in Article 1(1)(a ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1260/2001 , undenatured and exported in the natural state , are hereby fixed to the amounts shown in the Annex hereto . Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on 1 April 2005 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 31 March 2005 . In addition , the Alpine climate ( hot days and cold nights ) permits an excellent balance between the high level of photosynthetic products produced during the day and the low level of sugar normally lost during the night . The almost constant clear nights also play another vital role , covering the growing and ripening fruit in morning dew that , as it evaporates with the first rays of the sun , cools the fruit , producing an agreeable reaction in the skin , giving it a pink tone in the case of Golden Delicious and Renetta Canada and a bright , glossy red colour in that of Red Delicious . The man at the mahogany table was Commander Peter Croucher . His face was big and unbeautiful , but it was the face of neither a fool nor a brute . His sparse grey hair was brushed straight back in furrows ; his suit was neat , his whole aspect businesslike .
L1017	He was little more than ten years older than Timberlane ; fifty - three or four , say . Martha knew his reputation . Oxford 's major industry was the production of cars and GEM 'S ( Ground Effect Machines ) , particularly the Windrush . Croucher had been Personnel Manager at the largest factory . The aid may accordingly not be implemented . Article 2 Belgium shall inform the Commission , within two months of notification of this Decision , of the measures taken to comply with it . Article 3 This Decision is addressed to Belgium . Done at Brussels , 19 May 2004 . That would take real courage , would n't it ? Please . Every time I close my eyes , I see him . Maybe I 'm already dead . Surgical 3 , down that hall on the left . Thank you . Mr. Davidson in 8 needs a CVC , an EKG and a portable chest x - ray . Uh , what about the guy in 4 ? Hi . Rather busy today . I was hoping to avoid this . Sorry about the wait . Specific comments 5.1 . We are too superior.- Oh , I 've had mine . Really ? ! Well , I think it very uncivil of the Coles . You just said it would be rude of them to ask . Yes , but ...
L1018	He has urgent business . He has gone to London to have his hair cut . Pop the cork and throw the confetti . We salute you ! And the great business we 've done . This New Year 's Eve I 'm doing things differently . Rejoice ! Exult ! Revel ! Jubilate ! In point edit mode , jumps to previous handle . In reverse order In row 14 , under Age , enter 7 , 8 , 9 , and so on , one after the other . The average weight of all children of the same age appears . In row 14 , under Age , enter 7 , 8 , 9 , and so on , one after the other . The result is the standard deviation of the weight for all same - aged children whose weight was checked . In row 14 , under Age , enter 7 , 8 , 9 , and so on , one after the other . The variance of the weight values for all children of this age attending Joe 's birthday party appears . In row 14 , under Age , enter 7 , 8 , 9 , and so on , one after the other . You will see as a result the variance of the weight values for all children of this age .
L1019	In secure storage ( encrypted ) In silico In situ I tried to beat that blackjack game at the Horseshoe Club in Brooklyn . That place is a mitt joint . I know . I got so good with this , I thought I could neutralize 'em . You 're really jamming me up here , man . I know . That 's it . You 're off the tip . I understand . And you got ta talk with Grama . Out to Lunch Message Set Priority Style Background Source Edit Send Later Formatting Bar File Attachment ... Text from File ... Picture ... Signature ( c ) implementation of the communication strategy ; ( d ) implementation of major projects ; ( f ) actions to promote equality between men and women , equal opportunities , and non - discrimination , including accessibility for persons with disabilities ; ( g ) actions to promote sustainable development ; ( h ) where applicable ex ante conditionalities are not fulfilled at the date of the submission of the Partnership Agreement and operational programme , progress on actions to fulfil the applicable ex ante conditionalities ; ( i ) financial instruments . Well , come on . I thought you wanted to play doctor , so let 's play . Soap . You stare and blare and say you care , but you 're unfair , you want a pair . Sex . Masculine . Feminine . Me . Oh , listen , Mark ... Needles .
L1020	Pins . Black . In 2000 , the Nice European Council adopted common objectives for the implementation of the open method of coordination ( OMC ) in the field of social inclusion , which incorporated the objectives stated in the Recommendations . The first Joint Report , adopted in March 2002 , concluded that thirteen Member States out of fifteen had developed a universal social assistance policy aimed at guaranteeing all legal residents a minimum income . On the other hand , some Member States were raising or maintaining the real value of MI levels , by setting targets or adopting some form of indexation , in view of the fact that benefits were often acknowledged to be rather low or to miss important segments of the population with no alternative income . Following the revision of the Lisbon strategy and its renewed focus on employment and growth , it was agreed that the OMC on social inclusion and social protection would continue and that it would in particular " feed into " the Lisbon reporting process .
L1021	The European Social Fund and the Community Initiative EQUAL support and encourage the Member States to make their polices more active with a budget for the period 2000 - 2006 of about € 60 billion , of which 9 billion for social inclusion . Looks like your wife 's ( bleep ) . Kruger , you just got yourself a month in Kabul ! You 're friends with your sister ! For diesel engines that are additionally tested on the ETC test , and specifically for gas engines , the specific masses of the carbon monoxide , of the non - methane hydrocarbons , of the methane ( where applicable ) , of the oxides of nitrogen and of the particulates ( where applicable ) shall not exceed the amounts shown in Table 2 . To the squares , this was Damnation Alley . Last update : 19 - 08 - 2004 And the peril of Grimmerdhore is too great . Even Drool Rockworm must understand that our best road to Mount Thunder leads through the Forest and along the north of Andelain . No , we will go south - around Andelain , then east through Morinmoss to the Plains of Ra , before moving north to Gravin Threndor . I know - that seems a long way , full of needless leagues , for a Quest which must rue the loss of each day . But this southward way will enable us to gain the help of the Ramen .
L1022	Thus all the Despiser 's olden foes will share in our Quest . " No , my choice is clear . The Quest will depart tomorrow , riding south . That is my word . Let any who doubt speak now . " And- Thomas Covenant , who doubted everything , felt Prothall 's resolution and dignity so strongly that he said nothing . Then Mhoram and Osondrea stood , followed immediately by Foamfollower ; and behind them the assembly rushed to its feet . Yeah . He was so sweet and sensitive , and he caught the biggest catfish in Plaquemines County . I wondered who caught that catfish . Freedom of information in Italy and other Member States of the European Union ( motions for resolutions tabled ) This field must be completed when the application has been reduced as a result of an on - the - spot inspection . Required format : to be expressed by a code ; the codes must be explained in the accompanying letter . ( b ) the fishing capacity of the vessel in GT and kW ; What 's this black stuff ? -Okay . Find April , she 'll know what to do . -Jimmy , you 're coming with me to ne , all right ? -Jake . -I meant what I said , all right ? Look , I know , I know . -I promise , okay ? Go , I 'll meet you at the medical clinic .
L1023	Eric , we 're coming to the mine now . ' Intensity : - ' . 2014 Cynara cardunculus L. Globe artichoke and Cardoon TP 184/2 of 27.2.2013 Daucus carota L. Carrot and Fodder carrot TP 49/3 of 13.3.2008 Foeniculum vulgare Mill . Tomato TP 44/4 rev . And he shall dwell with them ... and they shall be his people ... and God himself shall be with them and be their God . Jack ... this is where we first met . Hang on , Miss Trudy ! Hold on real tight . Hold on ! Jack ! Somebody help me , please ! This is it ! Oh , my God , Jack ! Hold on ! I need you to swim ! Keep swimming . The boats are coming back for us , Rose . They had to row away for the suction ... but now they 'll be coming back . My report says Thorn industries ' main interest is in energy and electronics . They wo n't be designated until we pump it into the experimental crop beds . One person dies of starvation every 8.6 seconds . The oil countries did n't hesitate to squeeze our jugular vein . So , what 's so different about food ? If you 've got a knife at your belly , you 'll keep still . What is inhuman about feeding people ? Telephone , Mr. Thorn . I 'm busy . it 's an emergency , sir .
R0	where I am . Can you do it again ? It 's ... neon . there 's a neon sign . I do n't know if this is the place , but it 's the closest I 've come to it . I think someone got here before us . Mel , the cops are definitely on their way . You think that 's a good idea ? Yeah , well , it 's the only way we can free Bryan from whoever 's controlling him . if he 's in jail , I guess it wo n't work . Why is he making that sound ? I looked around , uncomfortably aware of what was obvious . Yes , I could n't make any movement that would n't have seen the cameras and heard the microphones . The door was barely noticeable , and there was no way to open the door . I immediately understood where I was . This was a prison cell . Christian Troy will never love anyone but the one he ca n't have , his dear Juliet . How 'd you do with the wax ? Did I disturb you ? We 're done . I was wondering if you could fill in a questionnaire about satisfaction here . Well , honestly , we once attracted each other . and we 're still good and very old friends . But Christian and I are n't in love . You and Christian are .
R1	There was such an unexpected , long - lasting friendship that , over time , led to the personnel linkage of the two bands and the very common play . So , you think Conklin 's out of the grave for his good name ? I was n't at his funeral . for God 's sake , Martin ! could he do all that ? I believe Bourne and Conklin were working on something ... ... so that he could seduce us from the trail ... ... and return to Berlin . This is a wanted person who is in the Interpol database . I 'll call you later , Tom . Mr. Bourne , I 'm John Nevins of the consulate , I have a few questions . You and your brooding eyebrows , go wash up . Get a new one . Pizza boxes or beer can . How about this ? That 's Bobby , always covering his tracks . Dr. Walter Gregg , 64 , university neurologist . What did he die of ? Does n't that sound familiar ? Okay ... so let 's say Bobby was checking up on the doctor 's death , You know , he hunted something ... and it started to hunt him . Yeah . Well , that must have been a shock to you . INSTITUTO responses we agree . EIGE introduced a system of adequate reporting and monitoring of budget implementation in 2011 .
R2	The knife . Someone did it on purpose . Yeah , but none of us know who that girl is . we do n't even know how she got here . Who else knew about our arrangement ? Well , who else knows about our arrangement ? Did you tell one of the girls who was here ? You gave your code to anyone . Did you hook him up when someone was watching ? What 's your point , Vincent ? A jealous boyfriend , betrayed by a husband . someone with a motive . Hey , any of you guys in some kind of trouble ? I think I 'm in love with you . I 'm guessing you 've got a game of poker here , so I guess you do n't need me here . Just watch , do n't touch . That 's how a lady packs . Carole Ann , honey , we need more towels . Are you crying ? not just chopping onions . T.U.N. , the worst of the worst . One in the household , if I may . No , no . Ah , darling , what happened to you ? Nothing . You 'll have a bruise , put a steak on it . It 's the boxes that fell on me from the closet . Use only as prescribed by a doctor . Read the package leaflet before use . Expand Show First / Bottom Items Show As average Available of
R3	commands and options The required information is damaged or missing . Contact the author of the file or open the PivotTable list in the program where the file was created , and look for errors . That 's very good . Okay , and now ... I 'm gon na say different words , and you 're gon na repeat them . Hi . My name is ... John Merrick . John , that 's very good . Say " John Merrick . " Merrick . " Hi , my name is John Merrick . " Hello , my name is ... ... John Merrick . You can talk ! How did you get here ? Montag turned and looked back . what did you give the city , Montag ? Ashes . what the others gave each other ? nothingness . Granger stopped and looked back with Montag . or start a garden . something his hand has somehow touched , so the soul has a place to go when a man dies , and when people look at a tree or a flower he planted , he 's in it . like he 's not there , the gardener stays there all his age . " Granger raised his hand . " My grandfather showed me a movie made from a V-2 rocket once , fifty years ago .
R4	Have you ever seen an explosion of an atomic bomb , that enormous mushroom of smoke and gas , from a height of 300 miles ? But I 'm gon na need you . Mel , this is what you want to do . Go there with all your confidence . Keep your head up . and do the best you can . All you can do is win . Yeah , I like that . and if they do n't accept you after all , it 's their loss . I 'm so happy you 're my father . Time to show off , little girl . Time to go . Come on , Trey . Melanie Porter . " Here I am paying you the promise you made , " he said in the ritual words of the Fremen wedding ceremony . Faroula made another sentence . " Nothing but life between us . " " You will live in the palace , my love . " " Enemies will succumb to destruction , " she said . " I certainly know you well enough . " " True indeed . " " We follow this path together , for my love has built it for you . " Naib Heinar will perform a formal ceremony when they both return to Red Wall Sietch , but in the face of God and in their hearts , Warrick and Faroula have become husband and wife .
R5	they looked into the eyes for a long time , and then they walked farther into the cool shadows of the cave . Liet came to the entrance of the cave breathlessly , pebbles flying out of his boots - and then he stopped as he heard movement and voices in the cave . I 'm just wondering why he wants to charge me with the arson department for burning the restaurant on a report from this station . This report translates the owner 's statement , that 's all . I 'd like to make a report , too . Tuxhorn ... rapes a small seal . Write it in the report , tell him to deny it . Yeah , and it went so far because you believed the proprietor of the shop instead of your union colleague . Why do n't you show me the courtesy and tell me first . We 're not talking about the waiter they fired , Lou ... this is serious . I know . What a jerk . You 're awfully quiet . Is everything okay ? let 's say that if you knew something-- - What ? No , no , no . Do n't do that to me . It 's completely simple . I 've never killed anyone . I do n't know if I can do this . It 's a little scary , Duke . What are you afraid of ? there 's nothing to deal with .
R6	Yeah . Let 's do it . Why do you think Barbossa will give you his ship ? I 'm sure there will be , like , crazy sailors like you . Let him know that I am reluctant to accept his demand . He said you 'd say that . but Cortez was a greedy greed . Every mortal who would take even a single piece from that chest will be punished for eternity . The more we spent them , the more we began to realize that drinking was n't gon na get us , the food was falling to ashes in our mouths , and all the pleasant company in the world could n't satisfy our lust . I wonder when you kill me , what do you do then ? The moonlight shows us what we really are . We do n't belong to the living , so we ca n't die , but we 're not dead . If one of the plaintiff 's claims must be brought according to the regulations of extraordinary jurisdiction , then the claim shall be filed following the rules of extraordinary jurisdiction . If one of the plaintiff 's claims is under the jurisdiction of a county court , all claims shall be heard in a county court .
R7	As regards specialised courts , the description of the rules on jurisdiction should , as far as possible , follow the same structure as section B. where these rules are essentially the same , this should be made clear and supplemented by an explanation of the exceptions to that rule . Specialised administrative courts operating in the Republic of Lithuania do not deal with civil cases , therefore , in our opinion , rules on their jurisdiction and exceptions to those rules are not subject of this questionnaire . Jurisdiction of the courts - General information | Lithuania - General information » " You 're welcome . " I ca n't say until I 've looked at the pictures . I 'll call you as soon as I can . " Stoll finished talking , and the photographs were already showing on his monitor . everything , beginning with the grain and shadows , seemed authentic . " If this is a phony , it 's damn good , " Katzen said . " Maybe not . Look here . " on the screen came the cursor that Stoll had moved to the front window of the jeep , which was at the top of the screen . He pressed Enter , and the windshield filled the monitor screen . " Look at this . " Oh , this is meaningless chatter . I do n't care about Willow like that . Yeah , but you used to be the prom king .
R8	Coconut and frogs . Then , a few weeks later , they opened that coconut to find a dazzling frog with a white skin . It had the skinny skin and the softest coconut - flavored meat . I ca n't believe that ... for an hour ? What happened to , " What 's family for ? " All I 'm giving you is a non - profit ! Nick ! We 're so sorry that we were fighting with you . Whatever you want to say , we want to hear it , okay ? I found it ... Chasov 's video diary . That 's amazing , Nick . Medicinal product subject to medical prescription . Community aid for Repoven Answer from the Commission ( 25 August 2011 ) Subject : Arrest of the Association of Poles in Belarus in Belarus in Grodno Joint answer from the Commission ( 22 August 2011 ) interested persons listed in Annex II may request access to certain information contained in the European Central Repository . interested persons established in the Union shall contact the contact point of the Member State in which they are established . where such a request is made pursuant to this paragraph , the Commission shall notify the competent authority of the Member State concerned . Rosie watched as Rose Madder reached out and tore off the low - hanging fruit of the tree .
R9	She squeezed it in her hand - very human hands , and quite nice , except for the black , moving stains on her skin - until the purple - red juice flowed out of it , and the fetus burst , and a damp , dark - red pulp burst out of it . she picked up a dozen seeds and began shoving them into the torn body of Norman Daniels . said the smacking sound - like crushing a ripe grapes of wine . " What are you doing ? " Rosie could n't stop herself from asking . She managed to resist not adding , do n't turn around , you can tell me without turning around ! " I 'll get in it . " then she did something that Rosie felt as if she were in one of the " Richard Racine " novels : leaning forward and kissing the corpse on her mouth . she drew back , took him in her arms , got up , and turned to the stairway of the white marble leading to the underground . Rosie looked away , her heart pounding in her throat . " Sweet dreams , you son - of - a - bitch son , " Rose Madder said , and tossed Norman 's body into the darkness below the carved inscription . Where , with a bit of luck , the seed that planted in it takes and grows .
R10	We can talk . You know you can talk to me , right ? I ca n't talk to you ! I 'm your wife ! You do n't know ? You hurt me . Do you know how it hurts ? Imagine marrying another man . You hate it when I say that . That 's love . Do you even know what love is ? If you know so well , why did n't you come to me ? user - friendly programming and operation with user application programs and interfaces to CAD and ERP systems menu Merge events to one Merge factorials in expression linkage linkage Combine Combine masks Combine multiple application windows into a single button Merge a party as a harmony . Create a film strip from several images Combine several curves by one _ Merge Arrival to Reykjavik no later than 19.00 . his own family was a guarantee that such doubts were unfounded . Teg 's daughter and his family at home were just as confused as everyone else . he looked at Hood . " Paul , you 're probably not going to like what I 'm going to say right now , but I think you and Mike should consider the offer well . . . . to work . How are you ? Not much . We 'll have half a Russian Air Force here in a minute . You need to find the UKF for me , you understand ? Warning ! Warning !
R11	hydraulics is not working properly . EDI - he 's running low on fuel ... and if he does n't refuel , he 'll have to go back to base . You will meet him on ... ... nine , and you will escort him to the base . Confirm , Talon 1 . Affirmative . Claw 2 , you 're back on base ! Yours was better . Mike ! Here . You better sit down . Because it 's big . It 's juicy . and I do n't like to bend the word " bomb , " but " bomb . " Well , what is it ? All right , let 's do it . And ... ? Are you kidding me ? That 's what she does . I 'm sorry , but it 's nothing new . Of course . Yes ? Are you still with Bauer ? brought this letter from the Duke of Malvicia . I 'm sure you 'll do the same . Fabrizio , it 's dangerous ! It 's a revolution ! Buvez ça et ça ira mieux . Your Excellency , forgive me , we found a dead man ... - I know ! Mimi , go tell Don Antonio to pull the brownies into the buggy . I 'll go straight to Palermo after lunch . - Yes , Excellency . Father Pirron , you 're coming with me . You 'll be two hours with your friends at Casa Professa .
R12	When considering the award of the contract in question , the contracting authority may not exclude contractors solely on the grounds that there is insufficient time to examine the application , unless , in exceptional cases , due to the complexity of the contract , it can not complete the examination of the application within the time limit set for the submission of tenders . The market share of the imports from other third countries increased from 17,9 % in 1994 to 21,0 % in 1995 and remained relatively stable since then and accounted for 21,4 % at the end of the IP . Why did you come here ? Answer me ! I was just passing . Did he pass ? They 're still clinging to us ! What 's wrong with being Georg ? What 's he saying ? I ca n't tell , he 's just mumbling . What 's wrong with being Georg ? Who are you ? I thought you were a mailman . I am . Georg said you had a picture of me . Where would I take it ? The Commission considers that predatory tax planning needs to be addressed in parallel with anti - fraud measures . This requires a thorough technical effort and a clear political commitment , but the benefits would be considerable , not only in terms of greater tax collection but also in terms of fairness and better competitive conditions .
R13	The proposal has no implication for the Community budget . we 're trained . Now up for the adventure . If you 're trying to help me , thank you for nothing . Untie me . I have to feed Sookie . This number appears to be a reasonable estimate based on the extrapolation of the situation of the sampled importers , if their data could be used . Some parties complained about the high figure on the gross margin contained in recital ( 202 ) to the provisional Regulation , claiming that it is certainly misleading . However , the investigation showed that the large majority of importers who responded to the sampling questions for importers reported a gross margin between the purchase price and the resale price ranging between 50 % and 200 % and the sampled importers were in a similar situation . Subsequent to the provisional disclosure , the complainants further provided several examples in support of the information from the publicly accessible article mentioned in recital ( 202 ) of the provisional Regulation , i.e. confirmation of the import price ratio and the retail price of the product concerned . One producer from the United Kingdom with import interests explained that such a margin was necessary to cover certain costs incurred in the Union . No data was provided to allow the calculation of these margins on the basis of turnover .
R14	One importer claimed that a sufficient volume of coloured stoneware was not produced in the Union and therefore had no choice but to import it from the PRC . The same claim occurred after the disclosure of the information . However , the investigation found that coloured stoneware goods can be sourced from several sources , including from Union producers . In addition , the Union producers have the production capacity for more sales on the Union market . The information collected during the investigation did not allow a proper quantification of the extent to which importers could pass on the increase in the purchase price as a result of the proposed duty rate . However , if imports from the PRC were subject to a definitive anti - dumping duty , in view of the information on gross and net margins , there is nothing to indicate that the viability of importers would be jeopardised . One importer also claimed that large operators in the market and importers whose main business is not ceramic tableware and kitchenware would not be adversely affected . Member States shall guarantee the right of the applicant for a Community licence or the holder of a Community licence to appeal against the decision to refuse or withdraw the licence issued by the competent authorities of the Member State in which he is established . we got ta get rid of this body . " I 'm ten . What are you saying ?
R15	Well , I thought it was worse . I could put it on my teeth . If he 's acting so selfish when it comes to our honeymoon ... ... how will he behave when we get married ? Did you talk about it ? I told him I wanted to go to some romantic place ... ... but he says there 's nothing more romantic ... ... than a fishing hut in Nova Scotia . We had a terrible fight . and I said bad things to him . and he called me a spoiled brat ! Buckley 's here . He looks pretty depressed . and I think he 's feeling terrible . Choose Insert - Object - Chart Choose Insert - Animated Image Choose Insert - Axes ( Charts ) Choose Insert - Bookmark Choose Insert - Label Choose Insert - Cells Choose Insert - Comment and I know you said you were gon na change the stove . Ned 's gon na look at it right away . If you have that kind of trouble , just call Ned on line 10 . He works for us as a janitor in the entire complex . Shit . The shower does n't work properly , too . Well You know , there 's one big plus . Subject : Biocidal Products Directive Answer from the Commission ( 15 June 2006 ) so why are these people hauling Kasper ? He 's just a pawn . Look what I found .
R16	where a group of vessels is again included in the fishing effort regime pursuant to Article 11(2 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1342/2008 , the fishing effort allocated to the effort group concerned shall be adjusted by taking into account annual effort adjustments that have occurred since the determination of the baseline effort for that effort group . Read the package leaflet before use . For oral use . E. The depositary shall immediately inform all signatories of these Statutes of the date of deposit of each instrument of ratification and of the date of entry into force of the Statutes . F. The depositary shall promptly inform all signatories and members on which date the States or regional intergovernmental economic integration organisations subsequently become members . G. a civil jurisdiction of the Circuit Court is a limited one unless all the parties to an action consent , in which event the jurisdiction is unlimited . The jurisdiction of the Circuit Court for actions in contract , hire - purchase or credit - sale agreements and tort is limited to € 38,092.14 . The Circuit Court has jurisdiction in probate related matters , and in matters concerning title to or tenancies of real estate where the rateable valuation of the property does not exceed € 253.95 . The Circuit court has jurisdiction in family law proceedings including judicial separation , divorce , nullity and appeals from the District Court .
R17	The District Court . The district court has local and limited jurisdiction . In Family Law matters it has power to make maintenance , barring , custody , access and affiliation orders . The district court has jurisdiction to try civil cases founded on contract , hire purchase or credit sale agreements , tort , and non - payment of rent or wrongful detention of goods , where the value of the claim does not exceed € 6,348.69 . It also has jurisdiction in relation to the enforcement generally of the judgements for debt of any court , jurisdiction in relation to a large number of licensing provisions e.g. relating to the sale of liquor , and jurisdiction in respect of applications for malicious damages where the amount claimed does not exceed € 6,348.69 . Small Claims The Small Claims procedure provides an inexpensive and informal means for the resolution of consumer claims without requiring either party to be legally represented . This procedure is available for claims not exceeding € 1,269.74 in value where a consumer buys goods or services , suffers minor damage to property , or seeks the return of a rent deposit . Too bad he does n't have a dad anymore . When I get my strength back , I 'll get out of bed and help him . What does it matter ? All that matters is that we have it . my first paycheck . Good boy .
R18	Finally , Mr. Wonka yelled , " I 'm going to go bankrupt ! " " Close the factory ! " And he did . It 's dangerous , it 's gon na blast you up . and now more of a statement that has stunned the world . He sells millions of bars . Do you think I could find one ? we knew all along . Really ? When his studies have exhausted him , he has been seduced by a light path ... looking for something , whatever it is . You mean the unholy journey ? using dark arts to change a man to a monster . No doubt he raises the Four Native Families to serve him . and would you like it to be another way ? Oh , I like this . Put it down ! I 'd be happy to . Oopsie . That 's him , I told you ! He 's the killer ! In the alternative , the fourth ground of appeal alleges infringement of the principle of proportionality . The appellant submits that , in the event that the Parliament 's claims are justified , the amount of those claims should be adjusted in such a way as to reflect the appellant 's good faith and the particular circumstances of the case . In addition , the Union should also support amendments to the Annex aimed at creating whales ' natural reserves . " You noticed her , did n't you ? "
R19	... how can he put me in a situation like this ? That 's not fair ! you 're right . but what does your mother need me for ? " Robert has to come here . " Why ? it does n't matter whether I 'm there or not . I guess they do n't want the commission to think Harold 's some kind of cat trainer . he seems to believe it . I know a lot of related English nobles who are behind bars ! I think we 've made a decision . I ca n't detain His Lordship here . but I wonder if it 's necessary for Mr. Bates to go with him . For Anna , it 's going to be very hard to lose his support right now . There is a third solution , and Europe may realise that it is the most promising of all : to put in place institutional reforms , including the necessary fiscal framework , which should have been done when the euro was launched . It is not yet too late for Europe to implement these reforms and fulfil its ideals based on solidarity on which the creation of the euro was based . But if Europe can not , it is better to admit failure and choose a different path than in the name of a bad economic model to pay a high price in terms of unemployment and people 's suffering . Plasma HIV-1 RNA
R20	the moment you 've had before . Yes . What does that have to do with where Bell is ? You feel like you 've been somewhere before , because you 've actually been there in another reality . but deja vu is just a window . It 's locked . This is a record of all incidents associated with the Pattern . Therefore , careful monitoring is proposed for patients with a body weight greater than 120 kg due to an outbreak of fungal infections . In patients with low body weight ( < 60 kg ) , higher plasma concentrations of posaconazole are more likely to be observed and therefore they should be monitored carefully for adverse events . Renal impairment No effect of mild to moderate renal impairment was observed after a single dose of posaconazole oral suspension ( n=18 , Clcr ≥20 ml / min/1.73 m2 ) on posaconazole pharmacokinetics ; therefore no dose adjustment is required . In subjects with severe renal impairment ( n=6 , Clcr 96 % CV ( coefficient of variation ) ] compared to other renal groups [ < 40 % CV ] . However , since posaconazole is not significantly excreted by the kidney , the effect of severe renal impairment on the pharmacokinetics of posaconazole is not anticipated and no dose adjustment is required . Posaconazole is not removed from blood by haemodialysis .
R21	free posaconazole concentrations have not been established and it can not be excluded that there is greater increase in free posaconazole exposure than observed 60 % increase in the overall AUC . The elimination half - life ( t½ ) was prolonged in the respective groups from approximately 27 hours to about 43 hours . No dose adjustment is recommended in patients with mild to severe hepatic impairment but caution should be exercised due to the risk of higher plasma exposure . So all the interesting people you met on the bus ... ? Hi , I 'm Mike . I 'm Paula . I sing in a punk band for the kids . I messed everything up . You have to get out now ! Listen , I managed to close some of the spaces to keep the atmosphere in . You have to get ... What now ? The forces that tore the ship in half have changed our trajectory and we 're going straight to the planet ! I 'd say " shit " is a pretty accurate description . Alan ... It was the only shot fired from a gun . I heard glass splintering , too . Sir ? Sam . You look ... tired . Sit down . the arrest report . found in Richard Hunter 's pocket . It 's the key to his garden shed . he was a mechanic ?
R22	Olives are then ' weep' , i.e. they lose water and bitterness in its cells . After a few days , the olives can be consumed without difficulty . The natural treatment is that the fruit without the use of additives ( possibly with the exception of sodium chloride ) is placed in a hermetically closed container . so slowly and slowly , they lose their bitterness naturally . Bora Bora . Hey , you 're burning up . Xander , are you there ? I know you 're there , Xander . We have a new thing we need to talk about . Something very big is being prepared . Gibbons ' test . He 's making fun of us . Something you 'd like to share ? My partner has a superpower . You want to guess what it 's like ? can it fly ? Not anymore . Okay , we 're all cops here . I 'll be honest with you . my partner used to take drugs . and now he knows when other people are taking . You want to tell us something ? Yeah , I 'll let Sean know you 're looking for him . Do me a favor . Clean up the mess when you 're done here . In particular , the exporter is under no obligation to actually consume the goods imported free of duty in the production process and the amount of credit is not calculated in relation to actual inputs used .
R23	Ew , it was on the ground . Well , Marshall stood here . eating and yelling , yelling and eating . Ew , Ted . then Marshall tried to leave ... that would mean ... They did it ? No , that would be a bigger mess . But all of a sudden , Marshall was still too angry . he had to get out of here , any way he could . and slammed it behind him . And Marshall was arguing over peanut butter . Irrespective of whether or not the evidence has been submitted within the prescribed period , it is clear that the opposition proceedings may continue after the expiry of that period . Jasper was doing cartography . He was drawing maps himself based on what he saw . You said he could find trouble ? It 's called divination . Hold the chart at the chart , you 'll see . I found a demon that hunts you . The damn angel was right . the bets are increasing . What angel ? Hey , watch the map . Furcifer is gaining his power from electricity . can manifest in storms . Hey , look . Non - life insurance compensation ( D.72 ) current transfers within general government ( D.73 ) common international cooperation ( D.74 ) Other current transfers ( D.75 ) ( d ) current transfers to NPISHs ( D.751 ) Current transfers between households ( D.752 ) Other miscellaneous current transfers ( D.759 )
R24	Penalties and periodic penalty payments Lotteries and gambling Compensation of compensation VAT- and GNI - based EU own resources ( D.76 ) Adjustments to CHANGE CHANGE ENTITLEMENTS ( D.8 ) capital TRANSFERY ( D.9 ) capital taxes ( D.91 ) Investment grants ( D.92 ) Other capital transfers ( D.99 ) Employee OPTIONS IN ACCOUNTS CHAPTER 5 FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS GENERAL FEATURES OF FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS Financial assets , financial receivables and payables Contingent assets and contingent assets Contingent assets , financial assets and other flows Valuation , financial account and other flows Valuation Clean and gross recording Consolidation Clean and gross recording Consolidation Monetary gold and special drawing rights ( F.1 ) CLASSIFICATION OF CATEGORIES BY CATEGORIES Monetary gold and special drawing rights ( F.1 ) Monetary gold ( F.11 ) You must be a new son of a bitch in my life . You know , 452 , you 're much prettier than the picture . Gosh , I miss the old bastards . I had a chance to study your DNA during your recent stay in Manticore . Let me guess . My insurance did n't cover it , so you wanted to put me in a cage . Do you know the term " waste DNA " ? Layman 's term for base couples that do n't contain viable genetic information . They do n't do anything but fill in the blanks . sort of like your gray shriveled thing between your ears . " What the hell does that mean ? "
R25	What is it that your genes are programmed to do that ? mostly kicking ass . We ca n't play everything because he broke his instrument . You there , sit down before you break something again ... Ready , boss ? All right , everybody in position ! When we first saw each other , I told you , I do n't accept rejection . It 'll make you feel better . You finally brought me the perfect pie . I want you to know that you were right about my brother . but there 's something else . I killed him . It 's good that you did it . every member of the family of all missing persons for ten years . including some sad , lonely , and apparently single women , due to Lieutenant Pascal . He 's showing negativity . It 's running again . Excuse me , Lieutenant ? You know his sense of humor . Yeah , I know . Good . Orgalutran inhibits the effect of GnRH , leading to reduced release , in particular , of LH . Orgalutran is used in women undergoing assisted reproduction techniques , including in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) and other methods , too early ovulation may occur from time to time substantially reducing the possibility of pregnancy . Orgalutran is used to prevent premature LH growth that can cause such premature release of eggs .
R26	Someone 's here . Lester ? I ca n't get used to how empty this place is right now . Well , there 's a few things we should discuss , too . If not now , then when ? More Cohesion Fund As from the Cohesion Fund from 1994 , the Cohesion Fund is responsible for helping the poorer regions and their economies to promote growth , jobs and sustainable development . Cooperation is based around research , development , the information society , the environment , risk prevention , and integrated water management . For the 2007 - 2013 programming period , three types of evaluation have been identified : before the start of the programme ( ex ante evaluation ) , during the programme ( ongoing evaluation ) and at the end of the programme ( ex post evaluation ) . Cohesion Policy is evaluated on a partnership basis . Mountain area According to the 2004 study of the European Commission , some 1 900 000 km 2 of the European Union , Norway and Switzerland cover mountain areas ( about 40.6 % of the total area on land ) . The Commission is committed to recovering around 94.3 million inhabitants , accounting for 19.1 % of the total population of the countries involved in the study . Economic and social cohesion Economic and social cohesion is an expression of solidarity between Member States and their regions and aims to balance the EU 's socio - economic development .
R27	people tend to find information that they should n't have access to . The Idanian you were waiting for at Quark , Tauvid Rem , what you wanted to talk to him about . It 's a personal matter . I could probably go to his cabin and ask him . it 's a delicate situation . Tauvid is famous for finding people who do n't want to be found . He 's helping me find my daughter . 15 years ago , I gave her up when I was born . I understand . He told me he had some news about her . Please let me talk to him . Okay . donated to Holmes by Queen Victoria after resolving the robbery of Bruce - Partington 's plans . Whitaker 's almanac that brought Holmes to decode the secret code in the Valley of Fear . a cigarette case by Wilhelm Gottsliega Siegesmann Van der Romstein . Okay , Data . to publish later . which he considered to be a very good investing . but ... Data , this is incredible . I 'm completely absorbed in my role , Watson . But ... in the hands of my friend , Mr. Sherlock Holmes , they cease to be a musical instrument and become ...
R28	This aid shall be limited to the amount needed to maintain the firm for the period for which the aid was approved ; this amount may include aid for urgent structural measures in accordance with paragraph 15 ; the necessary amount should be based on the company 's liquidity needs arising from the loss suffered ; in determining it , the outcome of the formula set out in the Annex shall be taken into account ; any rescue aid exceeding the result of that calculation will have to be duly explained ; ( e ) the aid must comply with the condition set out in Section 16.3.3 ( " one time , last time " ) . Where an EFTA State has submitted a restructuring plan within six months of the date of approval or , in the case of non - notified aid , from the date of implementation of the measure , the deadline for repayment of the loan or the expiry of the guarantee is extended until the Authority has taken a decision on that plan , unless it decides that such an extension is not justified . No one 's watching them anymore . They said they had opium for sale , but the packages are full of dirt . Maybe you 'd be safe if you did n't sell opium . Not yet . you ca n't turn around and listen ? You do n't think I 'll ever do anything right , do you ?
R29	to prevent Rumplestiltskin from getting what he wanted . What could be better than leaving this town and helping me ? It 's a barrier . what you know about her . Only what the Dark One showed me . That she was expelled into this world 30 years ago to a place called Minnesota , where she was adopted . and they named her Lilith . No . Emma ? Oh ! Aah ! Oh . You opened me up . It 's all coming back . It 's all back here . everything 's coming back , you know ? I do n't want to think about it . Oh , it 's ... with a plastic bag instead of a helmet . Oh ! Oh ! You opened me up . Oh , oh . It 's interesting , is n't it ? If the use of personal protective equipment for non - professional users is the only possible means of reducing exposure , the product shall not normally be authorised . Yeah ! bachelorette party ! Awesome ! I thought you were having a seizure . He 's fine . He 's fine . Two weeks . Yeah , it was the proverbial love at first sight . all of a sudden , blonde beauty comes in . before I knew it , we were ... I see ! kissing . And then ? " What 's that supposed to mean ? " Summer asked .
R30	There were no low - level officers among them , but the list did not relate only to senior soldiers . There were rising stars on him , too . a few obvious candidates and a few unconventional loners . I 've never met them with their bearers . I did n't know who he was . his name had a pencil ticked off his pipe . The only one . I called the sergeant in the outer office . This Decision shall be supplemented by the obligation to remove from this product any reference to the organic production method where the control authority or body is satisfied that the product does not meet the requirements of organic production . If the suspicion is not confirmed within that period , the decision referred to in the first subparagraph shall be withdrawn at the latest by the end of that period . The operator shall fully cooperate with the inspection body or authority to clarify the suspicion . I 've never done a waiter , so I 'm nervous . Risotto and spaghetti . I 'm on it ! Thank you . Come here . What 's wrong with it ? It 's totally raw . Is that what you 're doing ? It was great at first , and then suddenly you did n't cook rice . Christina did n't go through with the risotto . Oh , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
R31	On the blue team ... attention , boss 's desk ! one risotto and scallops . ... Brian is ready to fight his risotto . I played baseball . You know , I was tested by the Yankees . Yes . like " Yankee go home . " Yeah . No ! No ... No , Yankee baseball club . Holy shit , all the way to Mars ! Do you know what " shit " means ? I was in preparation for the season , and I saw that kid , and I immediately went to rehearsals with the cops . The kid was Mickey Mantle . You know who Mickey Mantle was ? 82 In the present case , it is also apparent from the file that the Commission announced in the Official Journal of the European Union of 20 April 2002 a summary notice concerning the contested decision indicating the date of adoption of that decision , the Member State concerned , the aid number , its name , its purpose and its legal basis , the budget devoted to it and its duration . That communication also stated that the wording of the contested decision , free from confidential information , was available on the Commission 's website in the authentic language version or versions and referred , in that regard , to an e - mail address allowing access to that version .
R32	84 For the sake of completeness , it should be added that , in the present case , the action would not be out of time even if the criterion of the date on which the appellant became aware of the measure was applied in the alternative . 85 It is common ground that , although the contested decision can not be regarded as a decision duly notified to the applicant by the communication of 27 September 2001 ( see paragraph 76 above ) , the applicant was still informed of the existence of that decision at that date . It was therefore , in accordance with the case - law referred to in paragraph 73 above , to request the full text within a reasonable period of time starting on 27 September 2001 . 86 In the circumstances of the case and , more particularly , in view of the fact that the e - mail of 27 September 2001 expressly stated that the contested decision would be published in the Official Journal of the European Union in the near future , it must be held that the reasonable time - limit for submitting a request for notification of the full text of the contested decision can not be shorter than the time - limit required by the Commission to publish a notice on that decision .
R33	On the substance 88 The applicants claim that the contested decision is unlawful as regards both the 1997 subsidy and the settlement subsidy and the subsidy for 1998 . First plea in law , alleging infringement of the obligation to state reasons . a - The plea alleging infringement of the obligation to state reasons 1 . The arguments of the parties 92 The applicant submits that , despite the fact that its complaints expressly refer to the restructuring costs of staff attributed to the 1997 financial year , the contested decision does not contain any specific statement of reasons on that point . Directive 2004/18/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 March 2004 on the coordination of procedures for the award of public works contracts , public supply contracts and public service contracts ( OJ 2004 L 134 , p. 114 ) . That point of heat in my supposed limbs seemed so real . I squeezed it tighter . It was exactly where my heart should be . I knew that I would be able to fight the darkness for as long as I had to . The warmth around my heart grew more and more real , gaining warmth . Hot . The heat was so real , it was almost impossible to believe that I was picturing it . hotter . too hot . really crazy too hot .
R34	But there was nothing in my hands . I did n't have my hands folded on my chest . My hands were just dead things lying at my side . you 'll have to finish with " commissions . " at least with the title . can you bear ' Governor ' ? " Usher grinned in the next direction . Yuri had long since forgotten how much energy there was in Kevin Usher . " All right . Admiral Chin , you are dismissed from command , and you are to report to the main world for a new location . It 's ridiculous to let the admiral of your abilities and experience run the provincial task force . Tom - Admiral Theisman - now is the new Secretary of War - told me that the vice - admiral 's rank and fleet were waiting for you . Commodore Ogilve , you 're being promoted into Rear Admiral , and you 're taking over from Admiral Chin . but do n't get too comfortable with that function . I do n't think you 'll stay here long . Not even a man like Usher had forgotten about such things as " technicality " and " proper career . " I love you so much . I 'm not joking , maybe if we met somewhere else ... ... maybe in another universe , we 'd be friends .
R35	then why did n't you tell me right away ? " Treachery is confirmed . " Oh , great . is n't it ? all I 've gotten is because of my education . I went to the first Chicago high magnetic school , and now you 're the most elegant , most popular woman in the world ! Well ... I 'm not saying that . Carla Bruni , the first Queen of Jordan ... compared to you are nothing . This is not a competition . but if it was , we all know how it would end . But before I became who I was , I was a nerd . . . .so the lesson is children . . . He 's our Joe Bidan . I understand . So who else is very successful here ? Come on , hands up ! The analysis is mainly based on the 2005 national reports of the Member States , EFTA / EEA countries and the accession and candidate countries ( 3 ) . This overview shows how reforms contribute to the priority areas for implementing the measures set out in the 2004 Joint Interim Report ( 4 ) . ( 8 ) See EESC opinion of 16 January 2002 on the Proposal for a Council Directive relating to the conditions of entry and residence of third - country nationals for the purpose of independent or self - employed activities , rapporteur : OJ C 80 , 3.4.2002 .
R36	No , I just said that he did a person with tendon inflammation , an expensive and painful test . you 'll feel better and make you feel better . It 's confirmed that it 's a North American rattlesnake . No , you do n't . Have you noticed the quantity ? and I took no notice of it , and read the name of the serpent . That would help . So what now ? ... or go online and find that in New Jersey ... ... there are only three snakes in New Jersey ... ... the moccasins , the North American rattlesnake , and the coralous But you said-- - So we 're gon na give him the antidote for the third ? It 's okay . That 's not your real weakness , is it ? You know , I 've been doing it wrong the whole time . Not your extraterrestrial part ; but your human part . emotion . friendship . No ! No ! It 's just a trick , Max . virtual reality , Max . It 's not real . ' XX ' has n't been added . ' YYYY - MM - DD HH : MI : SS [ .SS ] ' ' ai_socktype ' is not supported ' command ' ' command ' expected . ' pro ' cycle was called incorrectly " _ replay of character " ' Hertogenbosch
R37	You go to Avis , if you have to , with Hertz . All right , mate . I 'm 15 . I do n't want to get burned , and I do n't want any of my boys to burn . I think you think he 's got a fucking wire . Just make sure you send me people who work . What about cars ? The governor was on Y.P.R. Radio yesterday , and Steiner knocked him out for state cuts . health care for the homeless has asked for a stairway to city hall for tomorrow night . You told them yes , did n't you ? Norman told them they could , if I had a chance to say a few words . Their reporter wants your comment on a story he writes about Dobey in P.G. , who 's looking forward to challenging you in democratic primaries . Shit , we may have a full - blown riot at P.G. ... when we went to visit P.G. last month . In 2013 , the IEE projects focused on short - term impacts , from the programme an amount of EUR 42 million . As a result , 165 000 tonnes of fossil fuels and nearly 500 000 t CO 2 are saved annually and an investment of almost EUR 500 million takes place .
R38	According to the initial results , more than 3 million craftsmen in Europe need to increase their renewable energy skills or energy efficiency in order to achieve the EU 's energy targets 20 - 20 - 20 . Each national project identified the main obstacles to the training of personnel and key measures to remove them . || 11.088 TOTAL appropriations under HEADING 5 of the multiannual financial framework Imports of imports during the RIP Normal value 20 . As far as the two cooperating exporting producers in the USA are concerned , normal value for each type of the product concerned was established in accordance with Article 2(1 ) of the basic Regulation on the basis of the price paid or payable by unrelated customers on the domestic market of the USA on the basis of the price paid or payable in sufficient quantities and in the ordinary course of trade . As in the original investigation and in the previous review investigation , it was also found in this investigation that the two cooperating US exporting producers export the product concerned to the Community through their related companies . As a result , in accordance with Article 2(9 ) of the basic Regulation , export prices were established on the basis of the price at which the imported product was first resold to independent customers in the Community .
R39	It was therefore established a reasonable profit margin which did not exceed the actual profit margin of the related traders which is in line with the profit margin used for similar purposes in the previous investigation . comparison 22 . For each type of the product concerned , the normal value was compared with the average export price on an ex - works basis and at the same level of trade . Adjustments were made for inland and ocean freight , additional rebates , handling and packing costs , credit costs and import duties which were all deducted from resale prices in order to arrive at ex - works prices . dumping margin 23 . In accordance with Article 2(11 ) of the basic Regulation , the dumping margin was established per product type on the basis of a comparison of the weighted average normal value with the weighted average export prices at the same level of trade . 40 Articles 47 to 53 and Annexes VII and VIII to that regulation contain rules on the description , designation and presentation of certain wine - sector produce , as well as the rules for the protection of certain designations , particulars and terms . 41 Article 50 of Regulation No 1493/1999 provides : We both like Maldoveen . Shoe . Are you bonding with your shoes ? That 's a cliche . They 're not shoes . of birth control pills . The same ones I used to take !
R40	well regulated my hormones , I practically forgot I was a woman . I miss him . See ? we have something in common . Wax . it 's like there 's another way . No . There 's something wrong with my body . What ? My legs are n't working . I 'm broken . Oh , man . You look weird . You , too . That 's a lie . You always look beautiful . I could n't decide which soda I wanted , so I mixed all six into one . Do you know what it tastes like ? Disgusting ? Mm - hmm . Language of the case : French An action against the Commission of the European Communities was brought before the Court of First Instance of the European Communities on 22 April 2004 by Daniel Bauwens , residing in Brussels , represented by Sébastien Orlandi , Albert Coolen , Jean - Noël Louis and Etienne Marchal , lawyers , with an address for service in Luxembourg . Bauer 's been lying all along . I had no idea he was gon na be here . Hector , we can still close the deal . You hear what you want to hear . How do you know ? Please , we 're gon na do the deal . What the hell is going on ? You should n't have followed me . Are you one of them ? Are you saying he 's not with you ?
R41	Twelfth Ocean Administration GmbH Schottweg 5 , Hamburg 22087 , Germany ; Business Registration Document # HRB94573 ( Germany ) issued 18 August 2005 Owned by IRISL through Ocean Capital Administration GmbH which is an IRISL holding company . 16a . Options for parole after 70 years . That 's very thoughtful of you . What do you want from me ? your patience . Yes . Now you 're laughing at me . Like I said , I 'm a cynical bastard . No one wants a riot . True . I 'd like to see my wife . M_2008299EN.01003401.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 299/34 DECISION OF THE REPRESENTATIVES OF THE GOVERNMENTS OF THE MEMBER STATES of 29 October 2008 on the treatment of documents relating to civil crisis management missions and military operations of the EU REPRESENTATIVES THE GOVERNMENTS OF THE MEMBER STATES OF THE EUROPEAN UNION , Whereas : It is not to be used in the following way : If documents relating to European Union civilian and military crisis management operations are not held by one of the institutions , they do not fall within the scope of Community law on historical archives and public access to documents . but you do n't understand . Explain it to me . I do n't want to discuss it anymore . We 'll go as far as you want . You 'll be here and nowhere else . Thank you , sir .
R42	A foreigner , keep an eye on her . That 's it , Hazel . Let me get this straight , Fiver . You want us to climb that hill ? Yes ! Come here , Slippery ! Come and see . You can see the world from here ! Well , the dwarf , well , the maid ... Yeah , everybody , but I do n't . so do n't come to me with that grubby guild of yours . Well , you know , life is full of second chances , and there 's one for you . Uncle R , you have to lead these people . ... you have to lead them against the Earth Republic . Hello , my love . You should have made me a partner . I see a bright light , a white , blinding light . I did n't even say that to my fiancé . Poor Connor , he did n't know anything . Connor , like Connor Lang ? Yes . Do you know him ? Really ? Amanda ... You are mine . What kind ? Otherwise , if you know that no other kppp is running , you can click on Continue . Quit simple terminal for KPPP Reset Modem MiniTerm - terminal emulation for KPPP ( c ) 1997 Bernd Johannes Wuebben ( c ) 1998 Harri Porten ( c ) 1998 Mario Weilguni This program is published under GNU GPL ( GNU General Public License ) file close MiniTerm
R43	It 's like a private chat room , okay ? It works in two directions , and no one 's signed up , so there 's no way of telling how much it was used or said . Nikita . That would be my guess . the question is who with Nikita . The console is accessible from all terminals inside Division . anyone with the code can run the application . Wait . Yeah , someone who knows our current operation , sir . No . We continue as planned . Birkhoff will monitor the application , and we wo n't tell anyone . I 'd say , " Cool , Mini - Me , Austin Powers , sex video . " I 've never seen you , bro . What did you play ? Did you see the Return of the Jedi ? I was Ewok . It 's not bears . Bro , they 're little bears . No . Just ring the bell , please . Thanks . The top one . ' Yes ? ' You 'll arrange for a trip to the station for these two people . They want to report to you about the found ... and the lost body . Where ? When ? at my place , about 7:00 . Why did you wait so long to announce it ? It was an unusual kind of body ... and then it was n't there anymore .
R44	A skinny man . . . . . .5'10 . . . . . .fingerprints fired with acid ? It 's just like that on the plank in the morgue . Changed beyond recognition by a fire in a haystack ... on Mike Gessner 's pasture two hours ago . Now you go inside ! Go home ! when you 're in a less favourable situation , What does that mean ? in Sweden , we do n't have anything like that . we have a serial monogamy . Vodka - New Year 's - a new partner for spring . the vodka - summer solstice - the new partner in the autumn . vodka - and it goes on and on and on ... you understand ? and you will gather a large number of excellence . and we have a terrible chlamydia epidemic , that has been with us for many years . HIV infection is at a height of 3 to 6 weeks after infection ; and that 's why she 's having sex with a couple of mates in one month , you said , trying to find her . I , uh ... " I 'm in the middle of something before I go . " " I hope you understand . " I think you should read the whole thing . I do n't think it 's that far from the truth . " My professional objectivity is questioned . "
R45	... but before that , he commits a last - minute act of madness . The normal value is usually taken to be a comparable price for the ' like' product on the domestic market of the exporting country . ' like product' means a product which is alike in all respects to the product concerned or , in the absence of such a product , a product which closely resembles the product . Go get him , champ . Hey , Gibbs . Is Neal here ? No . Okay . Yes . Actually , no . I mean , maybe . I may know where he is , but I may not tell you . Secret . Gibbs , where is he ? is at the Rotterdam Hotel , okay ? He 's making up with the guy you 're having an affair with , which appears to be with another woman . For flights where more than one cabin crew member is assigned , but only one cabin crew member is required , the operator shall nominate one cabin crew member to be responsible to the commander . ( b ) The senior cabin crew member shall be accountable to the commander for the conduct and coordination of normal and emergency procedures specified in the operations manual .
R46	then the cabin crew should be followed by the safety of the passenger cabin and other relevant areas . ( c ) it 's a very mysterious painting , and I think we should explain where it originated . The author painted it during his summer trip to the coast , where he went with Paul Signac , one of the excellent post - impressionist painters . You can see clearly here the influence of this artistic direction and the influence of Seurat and Signaca . here the colors are much sharper , brighter and more rich , and they are used very unnaturally - not as the Seurat was interested in increasing . The centre also offers the opportunity for trainers , who are in the process of starting their careers in order to gain experience here . The fraternity for education , science and culture has been approved by the association for action as an institute of higher education . Actions that are considered to be very successful have significantly improved the scope of further training courses offered in Lammertal . This means that the long journeys to Salzburg or Hallein are now in the past , and it is much easier for women to take part in the courses .
R47	However , personal support and assistance at the early stages of careers are increasingly popular , and in 2006 about 65 women received councils and/or were entrusted with the care of experts . I 'll ask for more agents from Washington . Am I gon na change something if I say it 's wrong ? You will return to your work as soon as the Assembly is through , the roads will be free , and we will be able to send a few troops out of the city and hold them there . " Article 2 The information collected in accordance with Article 1 shall be used by Europol officials authorised to ensure compliance with Europol 's data protection rules , as well as the supervisory authorities referred to in Articles 23 and 24 of the Europol Convention , for the sole purpose of verifying the legality of searches in the computerised system of collected information referred to in Articles 6 and 6a of the Europol Convention . Article 5 The decision of the Management Board of 9 June 1999 on the drawing up of reports for the search of personal data and of 28 February 2001 on the production of reports for the search of personal data in the information system is deleted . || · Legal basis Art . Article 100(2 ) in conjunction with Article 218(5 ) and ( 8) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union 329
R48	|| · Choice of instruments 342 || Agreement between the Union and the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China is the most effective instrument to bring all existing bilateral air services agreements between Member States and the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China into conformity with the law of the Union . how would you feel about the role of Dracula ? No ! Well , neither do I , but it 's a great opportunity for me to talk to the members of the school committee . Molly , please do n't make me do this . Okay , fine . I 'm not gon na force you into anything , but I bet I can convince you . Wait a minute . You 're gon na have sex with me just to make me do something I do n't want to do ? Oh , no . Why do n't we go for the rags Ann and Andy ? I hate Halloween . Come on . You do n't want to know what I threw on a police car when I was their age . See ? It sticks to a bloody place . You survived . [ The rattle of cattle bells ] Man : You 've got wives , you 're out . But I do n't have a wife . Bitch . man : The 24th man says native language : That 's impossible . Man 2 :
R49	25 man 2 : is not the 25th man : is the 25th man 2 : 24th man speaking native language : man : Why do n't I remember you ? I should remember you . You never met me personally . Harry forbade it . He did n't want you to feel like you were sick . He was trying to protect you . and I respected his wishes , even after he died . After Harry died , I could talk to someone , someone who knew what I 'd been through . I was young , and I was all alone . Here it is . Lyle Sussman ? Sussman ? code ' ZZ' stands for ' of other origin' . EN Official Journal of the European Union L 86/13 REGULATION ( EU ) 2015/534 OF THE EUROPEAN CENTRAL BANK of 17 March 2015 on the reporting of supervisory financial information ( ECB/2015/13 ) No 1605/2002 ( OJ L 298 , 26.10.2012 , p. 1 ) , as last amended by Regulation ( EC ) No 468/2014 establishing a framework for cooperation by the European Central Bank ( SSM ) with national competent authorities and national designated authorities within the SSM ( Single Supervisory Mechanism Framework Regulation ) « parental responsibility - General information | Germany - General information » Last update : 17 - 08 - 2004
R50	" You do n't have to serve Quiggley next time . I absolve you of this duty . " he 's just a little uncomfortable . " I came after you . Dyson ! What did you think , Tron ? Dyson is flawless because of me . Dyson , I trusted you ! He betrayed us ! Flynn betrayed us . now Clu can purify the network from ISO . I told you not to come back empty - handed . is it all about fighting the revolution or the layout of Dyson ? What a wonderful surprise ! Why did n't you let me know you were coming ? But it 's Hogwarts . We ca n't trust him ! The Lord of Evil trusts him . The master of evil is wrong ! We ca n't touch what does n't belong to us . I 'm familiar with your situation , Narcisa . For years , I have played my part so well , I have deceived one of the greatest wizards of all time . ... with an unbreakable vow . It 's just empty words . and when he 's most needed , he 'll just crawl back into his hole . a coward . All revenue and expenditure of the Agency shall be the subject of forecasts for each financial year , coinciding with the calendar year , and shall be entered in its budget . Article 24 Fees 1 .
R51	In accordance with Article 8(1 ) , fees shall be due to the Agency for an application for exemption or a specific or special advice , recommendations , decisions or monitoring tasks for the European Network of Transmission System Operators for Electricity or the European Network of Transmission System Operators for Gas . And together , brothers and sisters , together , we will build a shining temple . A kingdom that will cost thousands and thousands of years . where are we going ? We should have left him in the grave . never would have known . but he ca n't see everything ! You 're taking me to the witch ? and has a name ? You want to know her name ? ! it 's Calm 's Forte , 32 sleeping pills , I forgot to tell you . I just swallowed sleeping pills for six and a half days . What 's going on behind my back ? Nothing . Look , my hands . Yes , but I do n't want you to have to cook . Send a car to ... 2171 Magenta Drive ? Excuse me . Take care of her , will you ? I thought we 'd meet sooner or later . It seemed odd to me that you were the only one in the Queens Club who 'd seen Strangways ' secretary . and later in the lab , you did n't know that Strangways ' samples were radioactive .
R52	so I can have mistresses , you know . so I can do whatever I want . I figured if I was n't there to put them to bed , they would n't miss my father anyway . With all due respect , Mr. DeCarlo ... you 've sold hundreds of millions of records , you can handle it . 200 mg Film - coated tablet Yeah , I know that Hank Jr. wrote a book about a giraffe who found out he did n't have to work hard . They say talent is inherited over generations . I think you know my granddaughter . Sir , Kaylie 's only 15 . Clearly , but when she finishes college , she 'll be 21 . I started Kabletown at that age , got married and had my first child . Hank , please think about other options . Joke , you 've done a lot for NBC . I must admit , when I first saw the autumn program , I was skeptical . " What ? Is he trying to sink this company ? " But , boy , you proved I was wrong . The next word is " rocket . " Okay , " rocket " as a tennis racket . unfortunately . Differences between the tasks and resources of the agencies and the Commission ............................................................... 8 2.5 ........ European School funding ............................................................................................... 9 3 ... . . .. . . .
R53	Agency classification : impact on agency resources ............................................................... 9 3.2 ........ the rate of duty applicable to the net , free - at - Community - frontier price , before duty , for products manufactured by the companies listed below in India , as follows : ( Environment - Directive 2003/87/EC - Scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading - National allocation plan for the allocation of greenhouse gas emission allowances for Estonia for the period 2008 to 2012 - Powers of the Member States and the Commission - Equal treatment - Article 9(1 ) and ( 3 ) and Article 11(2 ) of Directive 2003/87 ) Uiba , acting as Agent , applicant , supported by the Republic of Lithuania , represented by D. Kriaučiūnas , acting as Agent , and Slovak Republic , represented initially by J. Wölker , acting as Agent , and by T. Bryanston - Cross , and subsequently by L. Seeboruth , and finally by S. Mauritius , Barrister for the annulment of the Commission Decision of 4 May 2007 concerning the national allocation plan for the allocation of greenhouse gas emission allowances for the period 2008 to 2012 notified by the Republic of Estonia in accordance with Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 October 2003 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the Community 32 ) and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC ( OJ L 275 , p.
R54	This also includes , in accordance with the case law of the Court of Justice of the European Union , the award criteria or the terms of contract execution related to the supply or use of fair trade products in the course of the performance of the contract to be awarded . However , the condition of the link with the subject - matter of the contract excludes criteria and conditions relating to the general commercial policy of the company , which can not be considered as a factor characteristic of the production or provision of the purchased works , supplies or services . Contracting entities should therefore not be able to require tenderers to have a social or environmental responsibility policy . Furthermore , these criteria should be applied in accordance with Directive 96/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council , as interpreted by the Court of Justice of the European Union , and should not be collected and applied in a way that discriminates directly or indirectly against economic operators from other Member States or third countries party to the GPA or to free trade agreements to which the Union is party . Corrigenda EN Official Journal of the European Union C 178/29 Corrigendum to Authorisation for State aid pursuant to Articles 87 and 88 of the ED Treaty - Cases where the Commission raises no objections ( Official Journal of the European Union C 173 of 25 July 2009 ) these goods are not available . purchase information
R55	cash - exchange rate range currency code - exchange rate range unique key for overdraft document VAT above norm a set of advances is closed . close a backup report report amount overrun at the beginning of the day : a total of a day : the document contains rows . prepayment of advance report Yeah . Steve was pretty , he liked jazz and rock climbing . He took me to nice places , he knew me more than once ... not like you . is n't it ? No . Look ... Hannah , my life has been crazy lately . but I realized what was most important to me . to see you at work every day , that 's what I was most looking forward to . You 're the smartest , most beautiful girl I 've ever met . That was awesome . I should n't say that , but this is probably the best moment of my life . he says , as always , as always . And I 'm so polite , I do n't remind you that I can kick that door out anytime . I felt sorry for him . and it was only once . I should n't take the chance , but I ca n't just go home and let Jackie and his buddies get away with it . She did n't call " he 's an asshole , " she called " he 's a cop . "
R56	Gail , you do n't have a chance . Get me a car . of all the blood and the rest of it , I feel a little nauseous . McCarthy , you bastard ! I 'm signing " Cordelia " . I hid them somewhere about 10 years ago , and then I could n't find them . Where did you find them ? in your wallet . Pretty , is n't it ? Yeah , it must have cost you a bundle . You 're constantly worried about my expenses . No , not exactly . I want to hire you . I 've always liked you . Yes , because you came in handy . But now I 'm just running a gas station . like we used to . Let 's go to mine from your shops . and they 're a little more serious , and they 're gon na take a lot more . Eighth street . What 's that ? The name of your scout squad ? We 're just visiting my cousin . That 's all . Step back . I 'll let your cousin know when visiting hours are in jail . If you pin it on them , the tickets are yours . It 's you , so I 'm gon na throw in dinner . it was supposed to be burnt out . He thought he was gon na squeeze those minions ... and get out of them where Kozodav was .
R57	it does n't have to be . Jane ... Sir Henry hates you . I think he envied you , too . Why ? and how much would it cost ? Nothing for Janko . Okay , we 'll figure something out later . Thank you . Good - bye . I 'll think of something . Walkman . Walkman ? There 's your girl . Good day . 6.1 List of excipients [ To be completed nationally ] Thanks , Jasmine . How you doing ? It 's better now . Yes , one or two . truckers , builders . There was n't one of them around the 10th of October ? Oh , let me see . Ah ! I have one . William Smith . he would always leave the box blank . economic and budgetary outcomes Poland is a country with a high economic growth that is catching up with the living standard of the EU 25 . everything is kosher , as my people say . Trust me , they 're fine . Did you say " reporters , " " cool " and " positive " in one sentence , and you do n't want to throw up ? It 's just very contradictory , my dear . Or are you planning trouble tonight ? pink shoes and an orange coat . Are you a clown or something ? I did n't mean in a lesbian sense . I think that 's what you meant by carpet .
R58	Hello . can we not get involved in person ? any leadership is no standard . There is no standard of adequate performance . So who came up with the menu ? This is American food . Someone eats here . I made it . I do n't know what to say . Come on , hurry up . Yes . You must stop ! you can call it a peace offering . She 's lost in the mail . I 'm afraid no invitation has been lost because it was n't sent . Daniel went on . and maybe you should , too . This is n't about Daniel . Maybe it 's Halloween , but it 's better to let some ghosts sleep . That 's funny . how you want to protect your children , so you do n't survive them . Did I say that ? of course , you made it more elegant . You said the loss of a child is against the natural order . Well , it 's no secret that I would do anything for my children . Research activities aimed at human cloning for reproductive purposes , research activities aimed at altering the genetic heritage of human beings and which could make such changes heritable ( 9 ) , research activities aimed at creating human embryos solely for the purpose of research or for stem cells , including through somatic cell kernel transfer . You like it ? Thank you , sir . Cheers .
R59	No , thank you . A copper . " an excellent brand . and the smell . That 's right . I 'm glad you appreciate a good wine . a little more . Is dinner ready ? Yes . You gon na eat that dressed like that ? You should at least wear a tie . Hi , Renata . Lisa ! You left Portofino at four o'clock ! Vittorio is worried about you . Where are you ? My car broke and it 's raining . I stopped by the farm . Vittorio ! - It 's Lisa . Thanks . He was standing at Quidditch right in front of you , was n't he ? " " All right , all right , I cursed him , " she whispered . I quit the program ! God , it 's like the dirty Kabala ! It does n't work at all ! Rusty , the phone for you . Yes ? I have information for Robert Charles Ryan , soon to be the former owner of the hotel . You did n't do the right thing , and I do n't like that . I admit I was a little nervous that night . I 'm surprised you called . I thought you were trying to kill me . If you did n't , what would happen to you would have happened to your favorite car . And it would have happened if you did n't give me back your share .
R60	You have two weeks . who made the decision ? I had a private contract . Matthew ? You 'll have your money in ten seconds . there 's no need to hurt anyone . Dad , focus . on the tombstone you should have , " Always in the wrong place at the wrong time . " press the Up / Down button to set the desired absolute neutrophil count ( ANC ) ≥ 1.5 x 109/l thrombocyte count ≥ 100 x 109/l common toxicity criteria ( CTC ) non - haematological toxicity ≤ Grade 1 ( except for alopecia , nausea and vomiting ) . A complete blood count should be obtained weekly during treatment . During the concomitant phase , TMZ should be temporarily interrupted or permanently discontinued according to the haematological and non - haematological toxicity criteria as noted in Table 1 . Table 1 . radiotherapy and TMZ absolute neutrophil count Thrombocyte count CTC non - haematological ( except for alopecia , nausea , vomiting ) a : TMZ discontinuation The applicant shall declare the compliance of the product with these requirements with the competent body . I 'm leaving . you could come with me . I do n't care what you say . whether I belong here or not has nothing to do with it . That 's all . Everything is ready . People are already taking seats for your evening 's sermon . I got in touch with the D.A. I 'm sorry . Sorry ?
R61	If the defendant is not resident here , the case can be brought in the place where the party concerned is currently located or , where appropriate , where that party was last resident or located . As regards international cases , Denmark has acceded to the Brussels Convention and the Lugano Convention . Moreover , the European Community and Denmark have entered into a parallel agreement under which the rules set out in the Brussels I Regulation with effect from 1 July 2007 are applicable between Denmark and the other Member States . Exceptions from the basic rule a ) When can I choose between the defendant 's competent court and another court ? To the Phoenicians , the alphabet seemed a very useful tool . The alphabet spread quickly . The Greeks altered it for vowels . in fact , it is assumed that all of the Western alphabets today have spread from here . other cultures have left palaces or pyramids behind . The Phoenicians left something more impressive . and their most famous ruler was not one of the shy ones . " I am Cyrus . the great king , the mighty king . " We have heard such things in the history of the world before . Someone 's gon na be waiting . Let 's make an appointment to meet you on the plane . remote user % 1!s ! using the server % 2!s ! can not load local target . could not create main window .
R62	sending file % s . creating file % s . So we could move it on Friday night , maybe 8:00 ? No , no , my husband has a concert . concert . Ben 's not my son . I just pressed a button that triggered the silent alarm . The police will be here every minute . I have n't seen them in a while . Wait , stop , stop , stop ! Need a break ? My boots in the window ! Can you come a little closer to see the price ? Okay , I 'm sorry . I can go by myself . In that regard , the applicant submits that : while it is justified to apply Articles 29 TEU and 215 TFEU in the implementation of the UN resolution by the institutions of the Union , it is not necessarily justified for the adoption of administrative measures such as the freezing of funds of legal persons and non - State actors ; the contested measures should be adopted on the basis of Article 75 TFEU and , therefore , with the participation of the European Parliament in the context of the co - decision procedure .
R63	Anuris , Sarah & Skye : diplomacy or deception ? The Council of neutral systems speaks for more than 1500 worlds that do n't want to get involved in war . Jedi Master Obi - Wan Kenobi was sent to Mandalore to see if these allegations were based on the truth ... The Duchess awaits you , General Kenobi . I am far enough to let the Duchess wait . General Kenobi ! Thank you for meeting me , Prime Minister Almeca . I welcome you as a servant of the people , but I am concerned by the false rumors that bring you here . Mandalore would never have opposed the Republic . I 'm familiar with the Duchess 's attitudes ... Master Kenobi , the violent past of Mandalore is behind us . 11.5 . No payments in favour of the supplier may be made before a guarantee is granted . The guarantee shall remain in force until full and proper performance of the contract . The contracting authority shall make a formal notification to the supplier to provide a new guarantee under the same conditions as the previous guarantee . If the supplier fails to provide a new guarantee , the contracting authority may terminate the contract . the destruction pleased him . symptomatic anaemia in cancer patients with non - myeloid malignancies receiving chemotherapy « Divorce - General information | Netherlands - General information »
R64	articles by this author | name : Petr Macek access level : 0 - everyone e - mail : petr.macek[at]cb.cz mail addresses : home : applesauce Litomyšl Czech Republic It 's a mailing address . But they also said that at a speed of 10.5 miles an hour , you can get the back syndrome . No , it 's more like : " Can you look at your own ass now ? " then you have a reactionary syndrome . So , now we 're gon na go on ... We 're in unexplored waters . besides the very beginning , genesis . Did I say that out loud ? Yes , and we all heard it . it 's almost like saying they should record a Blue Suede Shoes song . They should . Balinor was about to resist when Hendel stood between them , shaking his great head disapprovingly . " The plan is not bad , but we all know that a man who stays at this end of the passageway will have a few hundred goblins at his heels ; they will annoy him like wild animals , or at best wait at the mouth of the passageway for the moment when they come out of the country which is taboo for them . The one who remains must be perfectly familiar with the goblins , the way to fight them - and , most importantly , to survive .
R65	In this case , it is a dwarf who has fought against the goblins for practically his whole life . It 's gon na be me . " Besides , " he added grimly , " I 've already told you how horribly he wants my head . When I show up , there will be none of the chance to escape . " ' And I already said , ' said Menion , ' that it 's my . . . ' " Hendel is right , " Balinor interrupted sharply . the others turned to him in amazement . Only Hendel knew that the decision the ranger had made , no matter how difficult , was identical to what he would have done had their jobs been reversed . " The decision has been made , and we will follow it . Hendel has the best chance of survival . " " The door is locked , the window is inaccessible . he climbed through the chimney ? " " The opening in the fireplace is too small , " he replied . " I 've thought of that possibility . " " Then how ? " I demanded . We also know that he could not be hidden in the room , because he could not hide here . " He came through that hole in the ceiling ! " I cried . must have - because it did n't work out .
R66	the chamber where we found ourselves was about ten feet long and six feet wide . on the floor were the rafters of the rafters , between which there were thin sticks , so that when walking , you walked from one beam to the other . I told you , he does n't know shit about cars . He does n't know shit about a fart . Ronny contradicts you with Bel - Air , which never lets Dad tell GT 500 . Cobra , Chieftain , then someone appoints a German car , which regularly starts an American - foreign debate that usually ends when one of you draws Deville , and always , always leads to an incredibly long discussion of the benefits of the ' 57 Thunderbird . So what if I jump right to the end and say Thunderbird , finally , for once in your life , we can stop picking cars ? ! What do you know ? The boy 's back . No , he did n't . He says we have the same eyes . he said that he could n't stay because of the festivities . but he said he 'd be back sometime soon . Okay . answering of his hand under the terms of the following procedure : Elena Băsescu and Jaroslav Paška . The following spoke : Karel De Gucht and Carl Schlyter . whistle ophthalmologist Main Voice 1 - Rectangular Wave main voice 4 - Indicative speech Main Voice 5 - Kappan
R67	protected designations of origin Grapevine products categories : liqueur wine ( Annex XIb to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1234/2007 ) You do n't believe me . and it 's only 100 miles to Switzerland . I do n't want anyone to get lost . I do n't want half the army working on it . All right , Oddball ? Of course , mate . I 'll pick you up in about an hour . His name is Kelly . Good enough before he was ordered to attack the wrong hill . They had to frame someone , so they chose him . God , I hate officers . So , creation ... is a continuing process . and when you interfere , you do n't spit in the face of God ? when you 're using your labor force , You spit . When you murder and maim , you throw people out of their homes , you turn your back on elders , when you lock up schools and hospitals , you make people go to support ... Yes . That 's what I believe . that 's my truth . The room of God always stays with you . and also with you . Let 's shake hands in the sign of the room . Peace be with you . Peace with you , son . Peace be with you . Peace be with you , Father .
R68	" Get up ! Ron , Harry - come on , get up , come on ! " Harry sat up so abruptly that he slammed the top into the tent canvas . " What 's going on ? " he asked . he was vaguely aware that something was wrong . I 've prepared exocomps for problem - solving . when he performs a task that is new to them , the microreplicator creates new circuit paths in his memory . in a sense , they learn . That 's right . the more labor , the better the tools . A stunning technology , that 's for sure . Lieutenant , I hope the experimental phase is over . When should we report to Capt Picard about the state of the fountain ? at 1600 hours . Okay . I 'll have a proposition for him . I 'd like you to postpone this for the next 48 hours . The TV was wearing a red sticker , but I married it anyway . Hi . You 're not gon na get laid today . Turn on the light , Jake . Open the window . Go outside . Jesus Christ ! Why do n't you get out of this house for the weekend , huh ? What would I do outside this house , Uncle Adam ? Go for a job . everything 's gon na find me overrated .
R69	they will now be given a prize . price of friendship Choi Eun - whan . the price of friendship . choi Eun - whan . And sad , cheerful , or wounded , you always have to pray for us . we 're handing it to you . Boram High School graduates Choi Eun - whan . It 's been more than three minutes . Congratulations . Your heritage is yours from now on . Are you kidding me ? in cooperation with the supplier of the relevant antigens already stored in the European antigen bank , the measures provided for in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be implemented by the Commission . Why would I want to borrow your stuff ? too tight ? No ! it really does n't look good . That 's a bit of a feminine style , is n't it ? No ! Of course it 's too feminine , it 's a girl 's top ! Get away from him . Mike , do n't let them dress you like a dick . once I had to dress up as an elderly Israeli woman . I had to . We should talk . Is this too much ? Yeah . There 's another truck , and that 's it , and that 's it . I did n't see any deliveries . So , where 'd you go with him ? I received a text on my work cell .
R70	Track the last text . Dearing is on the run . He 's changing his routine , trying to get his money . I promised Georgia I 'd help her with the wedding cake and I ruined it . No , we destroyed it . Understand ? accidents happen . Depends on how we fix it . Yeah . Okay . Who are you and what have you done with Kyle ? Was it impressive ? You know , one of the things I remember about my mom is that she said that boys should be able to bake . I hope she taught you miracles , too , because Georgia 's wedding is in two hours . that 's all right . It 's gon na be fine . Plus , if everything else fails , it 's like a sap . It 's gon na fix everything . I 'll only do it for your wife and son . You have to get them out of here . You 're the second person to tell me today . God , did a horse kick you ? One of your men ... I think his name is Heckard . provoked ? Yes , he was angry with Jessup 's death . they were very close . I have nothing to do with Jessup 's death . and I 'll have fun taking over the railroad from you , but killing you would be unsporting .
R71	Excuse me , I 'll take it next door . Pierre , I 'm alone . and I 'm begging you to come . I ca n't be alone anymore . We 'll arrange for tomorrow . but you have to understand . I do n't want to understand . He did n't turn when a son came in , his mother hissed at him to keep quiet , and sent him out again . at last he was himself , calm and confident , the hand listening to his eyes , both reflecting the perceptions of his soul . the belt of light on the floor reached the halfway of its journey when Zora suddenly straightened up and let the blossoms fall to the ground . " My back hurts , and I 'm sure my hands will fall off . " arched her shoulders , and in an effort to release the tension she leaned back and leaned forward . Lalo blinked and tried to return to life . ' No , not yet - I 'm not done - ' he began , but Zora was already approaching him . " You mean I ca n't look ? Yes . can we cool it with liquid nitrogen ? at this point , we do n't have that much . After the first injection use within 28 days . I need you . I need you . No , you do n't . Harry !
R72	Sometimes we just have to give up each other . This time I do n't know what to do . One way or another , I 'm going to sentence someone to death . Take me away . Every time they 're our people , they have to be sacrificed , but not this time , Harry . Not this time ! You 've always been a good man , so help me now . The hand was in two pieces ! All right , guys , I 'll make a toast - so to Callie Sullivan - four pounds , the most beautiful little girl on God 's earth . Have you figured out a way to improve pupils ' signs ? Uhh ... the kids have to improve their grades . we will not introduce an extra class of literature . Why should n't there be children out there ? you can use the children from the 2nd Challenge . Even if some kids do n't want to , for children who are capable , you should n't help them with their grades ? I think you 're concerned when I talk to you like that . No , I 'm just doing it to make the kids happy . when the signs are raised , who 's first happy , they 're kids . I just need to improve the grades in section B , right ? There 's a reason ... yeah , the reason for that .
R73	Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 2673/2000 ( OJ L 306 , 7.12.2000 , p. 19 ) . Data supplied by Eurojust - These tables summarise the data supplied by Eurojust in its annual accounts . I always do . I did n't hit him , even though I always hit . Did you put my cigarettes in ... ? Take it and report . You see anything ? There 's no one here . I do n't see anything ... Jerry . Jerry , are you there ? What happened ? but I bet it 's only at these three levels . The three of you , go first , the rest cover your backs . Disable or if you want to change the USB mode during the active connection , select the USB connection option and select one of the following options : Yeah , if the three of you left , I 'm sure we 'll have to go Take it , Bobby . What are you no longer working for ? Subject : EU and multilingualism Answer from the Commission ( 21 June 2007 ) Subject : Concerns about the situation of environmental activists in Honduras Answer from the Council ( 30 April 2007 ) L-1577/07 ( ES ) by Raül Romeva i Rueda ( Verts / ALE ) to the Commission ( 26 March 2007 ) Subject : Concerns about the situation of environmental activists in Honduras Answer from the Commission ( 16 May 2007 )
R74	e-1579/07 ( DE ) by Gabriele Stauner ( PPE - DE ) to the Commission ( 26 March 2007 ) Subject : Labour safety rules in ports - toxic gases in containers Answer from the Commission ( 25 May 2007 ) bronchopulmonary infections in cystic fibrosis Complicated urinary tract infections Complicated intra - abdominal infections Complicated skin and soft tissue infections Acute bacterial meningitis Complex treatment of febrile neutropenic patients 40 mg / kg 10 or 20 mg / kg 10 or 20 mg / kg 10 or 20 mg / kg 40 mg / kg 20 mg / kg ( Where applicable ) your instalments could increase to [ insert the maximum amount in the national currency of the debtor ] each [ specify the period ] . ( Where applicable ) L_2001100EN.01003701.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 100/37 COMMISSION IMPLEMENTING REGULATION ( EU ) No 365/2011 of 13 April 2011 establishing the standard import values for determining the entry price of certain fruit and vegetables THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION , Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , Having regard to Council Regulation ( EC ) 0010 - 0000 Commission Decision of 22 October 2007 establishing a common organisation of agricultural markets and on specific provisions for certain agricultural products ( Single CMO Regulation ) Whatever that hole is , I do n't want to go .
R75	but he 's in mortal danger . But I would do anything to see my friends again . Completely alone . It'il take a few seconds to get the values . After that call , if you ... want to go to , uh , you know , break - up dinner ? Hey , lazybones . How do you feel ? Henry , I ... I was a little afraid to ask you , but I was ... No , the results came back negative . Well , I think I just need to rest . but also ... I found something else . So , uh , a party at Pilar 's tonight ? You know , I 've never had guys around . True . I can finally train the little league . you 're gon na throw the ball , or ... Are you all right ? Do n't give me any . He had seen the trigger clearly - he had had toy weapons almost from early childhood , just like all the children . two buttons were easy to reach with his thumb , and a few others along the underside of the handle were almost inaccessible without the help of both . two buttons near the toe were likely to be used immediately .
R76	A judge has the right to give questions at any moment of witness examination . If necessary , at the request of a participant in a proceeding or on its own initiative ( ex officio ) the court may re - examine a witness at the same session , call the examined witness to another session of the same court or confront witnesses ( Article 192 ) . As to the question on the possibility and conditions on hearing of witnesses via television or videoconference , it should be noted that a court , according to the Para 3 of Article 803 of Code of Civil Procedure , may request the court of the other state to use such communication technologies in order to gather evidences , according to the Para 3 of Article 803 of the Code of Civil Procedure . Where evidence has not been obtained legally by a party , are there restrictions placed on the court in reaching its judgment ? According to the Article 177 of Code of Civil Procedure , legally obtained photo pictures , audio and video recordings may also serve as tools of averment . It should also be noted that according to Article 185 of the Code of Civil Procedure , a court judges on the case evidence in accordance with its self - belief based on comprehensive and unbiased examination of the evidences averred during the trial .
R77	The draft acts are formulated in the terminology and sentence structure throughout the procedure leading to their adoption , taking account of the multilingualism of Community legislation ; the concepts and terms characteristic of any national legal system should be used with care . Blah blah blah blah blah . Good morning . Coffee ? Then we vomit . Triple ? A double ? Mette just called me . Yes . Katrine ... I 'd like to talk to you . Yes . Look ... have a seat . Should I sit down ? probably a disk error or file system error . a scientist named Keffler . Come , I 'll show you why I asked you here . Oh . Recognize anything ? nothing I 've noticed since coming to Stargate Command . This is marked as a property of Sekhmet . Who was it ? A Goa'uld who was once devoted to Ra . For all we know , she was his powerful ally . broadcast it regularly to control the planets in his name . She suppressed mutiny , mass executions . As always , the old men send young men into battle . they should move the lowest age to fifty - five . That would be an end to all the wars , I 'll tell you ! " I glanced at my watch . " That 's it . The landing deck was one glowing red hell : men , machines , gear .
R78	" I trust the Technicians , but I prefer to check it . It would be hard enough getting out of here if it failed . " As you wish , sir . On the basis of the foregoing , the answer to the second question must be that Article 7 of Directive 2003/88 does not oblige the court of a Member State to which a dispute has been brought between private individuals to disapply a national provision which makes entitlement to paid annual leave conditional on a period of at least 10 days during the reference period and which can not be interpreted in accordance with the directives . C - The third question 176 . When formulating his third question , the referring court clearly follows from a national legal framework which provides for the right to annual leave of varying length depending on what was the cause of a worker 's leave by reason of sickness , in all likelihood a distinction according to whether he was an accident at work , an occupational disease , an accident to work or an accident or a work - related accident . The order for reference does not indicate how long the relevant period of leave is . There is no doubt that , in certain circumstances , that national legal framework provides for a longer period for paid annual leave than that laid down in the Directive for a period of four weeks .
R79	I 'll try . at work , it 's a madhouse . I did n't even ask you . but it was in Boston . True . Come here , beautiful . as treatment with three oral medicines in combination with A sulphonylurea and metformin in patients in whom glycaemic control is not adequately controlled with diet and exercise plus treatment with these two medicinal products . You parked in a handicapped spot . This is no place for handicapped . but it is now . Decision of the Opposition Division : rejection of the opposition . land that piece of shit . Shut up ! You want to go down , jump ! Leave them alone . larva ? Calm down , Princess ! So the son of a bitch becomes Sephiroth ? Wait , Cloud , does he know ? Probably . I understand . Let 's leave them alone . Somebody explain it to me ! sexist . " He 's still my friend . " I had the feeling that Jacob 's note in his pocket weighed at least ten pounds . I heard the words written as if he had said them himself , and as if it matched Edward - that it would never really happen again . but it does n't change anything .
R80	or it had nothing to do with me . maybe it was the atmosphere of freedom that floated over the entire campus . The school year was coming to an end , and there was a sensation of excitement in the air , especially for those in the senior year . freedom was so close that you could feel it , taste it . her footprints were everywhere . A big ball was to be held for the coming weekend , but I had Edward 's bulletproof vow that I would n't have to do it again . I 've already done this human experience . Jimmy , Jimmy , do n't ... ! ... what the ... ... fuck ... ... no ! Two died on the spot , Officer Cavanaugh died on the way to the hospital , and the last man Lonnie Mercer is now in surgery . We 're putting her together , Smithie 's in position . ( No 21 ) . Why do you think I spend so much time with animals ? It 's bad enough you scratch your back and have a friend for life . Listen , I was wondering if you would ... You do n't ... it 's ... Do n't bother . Yes , I did . Good of you to know . I thought about it because it 's getting late , and I happen to know a great place . I could say I grew up here .
R81	When I was a kid , my dad worked as an administrator and made this park a major tourist destination in the country . I mean , it was a park where hundreds of people went swimming in the streams , going out for walks ... Anyway , I do n't know , it 's probably my fault . I ... I did n't sleep last night . Mr. Zhang said you were a very special customer . And ... this . so tight . You 've never been to a place like this before ? It 's nothing . Occasionally , the old men , who have lost their women , will come ... at any moment . old men ? Am I that old ? It does n't matter , you 're gon na be young with me . Dear Grace , this letter I write to you with a heavy heart . I know exactly what you did and with whom . I wo n't mention any of this in my report . I do n't need you to bless me . I 'm happy with my life . Luckily , Manhattan has saunas where women can relax . I ca n't believe she slipped into your night drawer . Everyone knows the nightstand is a private matter . What do you got ? The usual things , condoms , dildo ... - Massage oil , cigarettes . That 's a shot .
R82	Is that the little jerk who 's got a blind date with my real shaving ? Thanks . Hey , Mom ? Mm - hmm . Because I threw his lazy ass away . Yeah , but why ? I guess I was n't sure if I was still in love with him . and he was lazy . we just broke up . You lead your life nicely . Wait , like here , with us ? and you do n't touch it . Good - bye . You know I do . Hi , Dad . We 're glad to see you here . I do n't get it . I mean , why are you like this when Dad and I are so happy ? I 'm not that happy . Do not apply suction until each washing liquor has drained under gravity . finally remove the remaining liquid with suction , dry the crucible and residue , and cool and weigh them . ( Announcer ) Coventry is finishing the next season without defeat ... ... and goes to the playoffs as one with the dominant victory of 12 - 5 . This year , they 'll miss the playoffs again . Marston lost , so we have a free ticket . Nice . Who do we have here ? When your season is over , you can finally start a winner . Marston lost ? Marston lost ! Guys , Bernard beat Marston . Who cares ?
R83	Why ca n't I save a single subject , even if I ran out of immortality ? Captain ! Captain , hold on ! Fire ! Thanks to you , we planted a fatal blow to Bradley . Even if you made sure Fu 's death was n't in vain , there was nothing I could do to help you . Give me the ammo ! That was the last dose ! Damn it ! I 'm out too ! Everybody fire guns ! An order ! Subject : Cost of traveling between Brussels and Strasbourg Answer from the Commission ( 11 March 2010 ) That 's right , sir . Hemet , California , sir . Here . Sit down . Where did you learn to shoot ? Scouts , sir . Are you kidding me ? No , sir . When were you taken away ? He turned out to be one of those idealists ... you know , kind of like a fan of his own . He starts , because he 's interested in what he 's worth , because he 's not happy with what he sees . and I get it , and you just have to take a deep breath , dial a number , and say hello . Well , I do n't know what you think is going on . You think I 'm obsessed with a woman I have n't seen in five years .
R84	Oh , no , no , no , no , no . You keep talking about " take me , marry me " ... ... or you keep talking about the history of San Francisco . liar . Liar . liar . Liar . Stupid Mary . If you show me one place , or a thing in this town ... that I have never seen before ... you will marry me . You will marry me . It sucks . Markus Octavianus leads 2,000 legionnaires . I swear , I will avenge all of you for this . They 'll be back , dozens . Please do n't stop ! Go to your destination ! Wait ! Hey ! Are we ready to listen ? We have a lot to discuss . What ? They sailed away ? Where ? ! It 's up there . Forget it , okay ? Defense 's way too good . Okay . So do I. to find a job , find . to find a job , that 's it . and I think you owe them to start broadcasting again . So what ? The ones that go to the death . Enough talk , I 'm out of here . Meanwhile ... buy yourself something to eat . I think he 's very pleased . Why have n't you come yet ? I 'm right behind you . What 's going on ? My brother ... he left ! Are you okay ?
R85	You want to get some rest ? I 'm fine . We all have to . It 's like a racetrack . Someone 's running a long race , someone 's running a short race . Someone 's running fast , someone 's running slow . ... after the race , go back to the stables . I understand . Look , there 's one solution . What ? can cash it on the corner in the candy store . That 's genius , Sam . It 's all here . What should I do next ? pink and blue receipts . Sign here , here , and here . Yes . I think I broke my bone . Look , my wrist is all flaccid . What a loser I am ! And you know who spilled that mutagen on you ? No , but one day we will find him and force him to make our master human again . So , what do you think ? She would have wanted him to be with his people . I 'm coming with you ? and that 's how we left my mother 's grave , the father herself and me . now he was tied to Indian land , heart and soul . He helped open the West for new peoples , for the people who fell in love with this country , like him , new bases , civilization , and understanding .
R86	but he believed that it was necessary to prepare for what he used to say - a dignified life . the sound of the door that had closed sounded as if the door had closed behind my life . My father just watched and laughed . He has agreed that my teaching can wait until next year . " Haril wants us to follow him . " " What ? " he asked Vanye in astonishment . " Did you understand what he was going to say ? " That 's very kind of you . Better than nothing . My husband is such a stickler , and he 's angry with dear Deirdre when the house does n't work well . ' It 's the man the detective knows about a girl instead of Frieda . EUR - Lex - 52011PC0322 - EN 52011PC0322 / * COM/2011/0322 final - NLE 2011/0151 * / Proposal for a COUNCIL REGULATION repealing the anti - dumping measures applicable to imports of couquarin originating in the People 's Republic of China EXPLANATORY MEMORANDUM 1 . reasons and objectives of the proposal This proposal concerns the application of Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1225/2009 of 30 November 2009 on protection against dumped imports from countries not members of the European Community ( ' the basic Regulation' ) in the proceeding concerning imports of coumarina originating in the People 's Republic of China .
R87	- General context This proposal is made in the context of the implementation of the basic Regulation and is the result of an investigation which was carried out in line with the substantive and procedural requirements laid out in the basic Regulation . - Existing provisions in the area of the proposal Council Regulation ( EC ) No 600/1996 of 25 March 1996 imposing a definitive anti - dumping duty on imports of coumarin originating in the People 's Republic of China [ 1 ] . No 769/2002 of 7 May 2002 imposing a definitive anti - dumping duty on imports of coumarin originating in the People 's Republic of China [ 2 ] . No 2272/2004 of 22 December 2004 extending the definitive anti - dumping duty imposed by Regulation ( EC ) No 769/2002 on imports of coumarin originating in the People 's Republic of China to imports of coumarin consigned from India or Thailand , whether declared as originating in India or Thailand or not ( 3 ) . No 3/2005 of 3 January 2005 accepting an undertaking offered in connection with the circumvention investigation of the anti - dumping measures imposed by Council Regulation ( EC ) No 769/2002 on imports of coumarin originating in the People 's Republic of China by imports of coumarin consigned from India or Thailand , whether declared or not as originating in India or Thailand or not [ 4 ] .
R88	No 1650/2006 of 7 November 2006 extending the definitive anti - dumping duty imposed by Regulation ( EC ) No 769/2002 on imports of coumarin originating in the People 's Republic of China to imports of coumarin consigned from Indonesia or Malaysia , whether declared as originating in Indonesia and aayia[5 ] . No 654/2008 of 29 April 2008 imposing a definitive anti - dumping duty pursuant to Article 11(2 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 384/96 on imports of coumarin originating in the People 's Republic of China extended to imports of coumarin consigned from India , Thailand , Indonesia and Malaysia , whether declared as originating in India , Thailand , Indonesia and Malaysia or not [ 6 ] . I believe , by some twisted way , you also love my unacceptable origin . No . Look , Oliver , I do n't get judgement . I just think it is . because it 's just a part of you . How could you do that ? That 's what it 's about , freshman . How are you , son ? All right , sir . Any word from the rights yet ? Yes , I called you , remember ? Yes , congratulations .
R89	Hugo Wolfe , is he also applying for this place ? they are not , Your Majesty . What 's your qualification ? In 1875 , I enrolled in Vienna Conservatory . A year later , at 16 , I won a piano contest . Your achievements in this field are of no concern to us . We need the director of opera , not the composer who uses his position to show his second - rate symphonies . which you did in Prague , as I understand it . What are you wearing , Dave ? Marty ... ... I always go to work in a suit . We have to retaliate . Did you hit your head ? Morning . For scrap ? When did this happen ? Why did n't anyone tell me ? I 'm sure the car 's fine . I 've always told you , if you give it all you can , you can achieve anything . Everything all right ? the more specific technical aspects include the following : The issue of control of dissemination should be addressed separately . due attention should be paid to definitions , in particular due to the differentiation of indigenous and non - indigenous species . This legislation should cover deployment based on aquaculture and traditional aquaculture . The approach to risk assessment , including mitigation and protection measures , should be included in the relevant procedures , indicating who to perform and who should assess the risk assessment .
R90	There is a need for the development of expertise on quarantine stations at European level . GMOs should be included in the Regulation and triploid organisms should not be considered as harmless . The proposal is largely based on these opinions , but GMOs have been excluded from the scope because they already relate to existing and forthcoming Community legislation in this field . Thank you , that was amazing ! he was built for problems , but no one had ever taught him that valuable phrase . When he was eight ( two years after David was born ) , Mrs. Underhill , a third - class teacher , made a note to the parents to come to the school for a short speech . The Browns felt uneasy , but they went . they knew they were doing IQ tests last week in the third grade . Bryant was secretly convinced that Mrs. Underhill would tell them that Hilly was well below normal and should be assigned to the balancing class . Marie was convinced ( and not so secretly ) that Hilly was dyslexic . None of them slept too calmly that night . Mrs. Underhill told them that Hilly was completely off the scale - that , frankly , the boy was a genius . I 'm gon na pull the plug today . ( 4 ) OJ L 300 , 31.12.1972 , p.
R91	The quota for imports of not more than 2 million tonnes of maize and 300000 tonnes of sorghum from third countries shall be opened on 1 January each year for free circulation in Spain . imports under these quotas shall be carried out in accordance with the following Articles . " What did your mommy tell you ? is the patient ready for a venous sample ? Clearly , a mentally ill patient is on his way to a worthless procedure . Of course , your objections are noted . Foreman . Are you sure ? It does n't make any sense , check it again . was her sausage turning orange ? because that 's what rifampin does . is not on antibiotics . and if the inscription is on the medicine box ... and the box is accidentally on her desk . You set her up ? I could . It 's Munchausen . six weeks ago . I 'd like to have Andrew 's room . and maybe he wants to come back sometime . He wo n't . Like you said , I 'm all you have left . Atlantic City ? Yeah , it 's last - minute , but Jerry got a great offer for a suite in a casino , and the rest of our party gets here from New York . It 's almost an eternity since I saw them last . How could I say no ? Something wrong ? No !
R92	All I know is that you 've been to Atlantic City three times in the last month , and you have n't told me . I think so . Show him . to join Jerry Huffington 's ad . If you do n't believe me , you can talk to him . I 'm ... happy , and I 'm relieved . I thought your knowledge ... You 're so ambitious , are n't you ? like a peasant . Good nourishment has prolonged your bones , but you 're only one generation away from the white and the lumbering , are n't you ? and that accent you 're trying so desperately to hide : True West Virginia . All that boring , slimy whipping in the back of the car , while you were dreaming of one - getting away , anywhere , working all the way to the FBl . You see a lot , doctor . but are you strong enough to focus your perception on yourself ? So what ? Why do n't you see yourself and write what you see ? Or maybe you 're afraid . Someone in the census tried to test me once . We get into the scrotum through the abdominal cavity and cut off the testicles . is 40 percent of the hope that we 're gon na have to cut off the penis . I caught you . That 's why I like this job . It 's painless .
R93	You know ? Play the trombone ? No , I mean with the girls . elderly population ( > 65 years ) No dose adjustment is required ( see section 5.2 ) . Paediatric population Ibandronic acid has no relevant use in children below 18 years , and therefore ibandronic acid has not been studied in this population ( see sections 5.1 and 5.2 ) . Method of administration Intravenous administration for 15 - 30 seconds every 3 months . 4.3 Contraindications as he glanced over his shoulder at the man who sat silently at the folding table , he saw that the man was peering into a book full of written numbers . He liked numbers . Diclofenac sodium 75 mg prolonged - release tablet Oral Use prolonged - release tablet Oral Use prolonged - release tablet Oral Use Level of purity of an area without electromagnetic reflecting surfaces ANNEX VIII Method for measuring narrowband electromagnetic emissions emitted from electrical / electronic subassemblies ANNEX IX Method(s ) of testing of electrical / electronic subassemblies for electromagnetic radiation Appendix 1 - Figure 1 : 800 mm stripline test Appendix 1 - Figure 2 : In the early 1990s , stanford 's scientist Peter Senge , after studying organisational changes , published a book entitled " Fifth discipline - the theory and practice of a learning organization " ( 1990 ) . You know , we have people in the hospital who do that . I think Mike would want it .
R94	Okay , sure . Oh , God , I 'm late . Bye , bye , bye . It 's gon na be even nicer when the structure is finished . That 's Bree . I 'm not shy . ... she said diffidently . Reference to points 8 and 13 , as appropriate . I have to talk to her . You 've already upset her enough . I went into the garden ... and asked why he was avoiding me . I do n't think she wants you to see her when she 's not well . Do n't insist when she 's like that . What 's wrong with her ? what possessed her ? The girl before the wedding should be full of vigor . It 's just nerves , I 'm sure nothing serious . In a few days , she 'll be better ... and she 'll act differently . Keep out of the sight and reach of children . I declare that the information provided in this invoice is complete and correct . " Directive as amended by Regulation ( EC ) No 1882/2003 . and the Discovery is shooting it ! I saw that vest on a girl . Thanks . Do you have any of those little chicks ? With a photograph , we can identify you in the order of a few days . Maybe you have a family in Holland . EN Official Journal of the European Union 13/v.26 a great hats .
R95	So you 're saying that because I did n't name you Jake 's guardian , you transferred a medical power of attorney from me to Charlie ? What 's going on ? Hang on . If my mom ever gets in a coma , she 's gon na decide whether or not to disconnect her . Okay , Mom . Right , I got ta go . Hey , where have you guys been ? You know , we were on a couple of hamburgers to buy some hats . Eat burgers , wear hats ... Okay . You were right , he ate it . Dude , you can forget about the life of a criminal . ' very lightweight plastic carrier bags ' means plastic carrier bags with a wall thickness below 15 microns which are necessary for hygienic reasons or provided as primary packaging for bulk foods where their use helps prevent food waste ; 1e . ' oxo - degradable plastic carrier bags ' means plastic carrier bags made of plastic materials which contain additives that produce the breakdown of plastic material into microparticles . the following paragraphs shall be added to Article 4 : ' 1a . Member States shall take measures to achieve a permanent reduction in the consumption of lightweight plastic carrier bags on their territory .
R96	The efforts to reduce the share of foreign resources are therefore well targeted , as CGD allows CGD to focus on core retail banking activities and releases funds that can enhance the core capital of the bank while avoiding the potential negative effects of reducing the share of foreign resources in the Portuguese economy . The Commission also notes CGD 's commitment to the Portuguese Government concerning the allocation of EUR 30 million per annum to a fund that will invest in equity of small and medium - sized enterprises and mid - caps in order to secure funding for the real economy in Portugal . These investments will not involve the acquisition of equity in competitors and the Commission considers that they do not constitute market - distorting activities within the meaning of point 23 of the Restructuring Communication . As regards the divestment of CGD 's insurance activities , Caixa Seguros has to be restructured with a view to improving its marketability , as set out in CGD 's restructuring plan . CGD proposed a reasonable approach to the sale of Caixa Seguros during the restructuring period . The change in CGD 's banking operations in Spain is an important element of CGD 's plan to achieve an overall positive profit in the short term .
R97	In the Restructuring Plan , CGD introduced both the preferred option to terminate the wholesale activities in Spain and the retail activities to restructure and maintain to a lesser extent , as well as alternatives , namely the complete cessation of operations , the deprivation of such activities in the form of divestment or exchange of assets , the gradual winding up or the search for a partner for the joint venture . All of these alternatives , however , have certain drawbacks and are expected to lead to significant capital losses . The Commission considers that the restructuring of Spanish activities in the current macroeconomic situation will be problematic , but at the same time recognises that alternative approaches could be more costly . I feel completely incompetent . This is unreal . Yes , sweetie , if you need sugar , cream ... Wow , look at you guys . Thanks ... We have a quiche , and a spinach . Oh , I got it , yeah . All right , buddy . Hey , Jule , can you take him for a second ? Oh , you 're such a naughty boy . Oh , it 's okay . You want to check on him ? Where there are indications that the sums of cash concern the proceeds of fraud or any other illegal activity affecting the financial interests of the Communities , the information shall also be transmitted to the Commission .
R98	The communication or transmission of information shall be fully respected in the field of data protection , in particular Directive 95/46/EC and Regulation ( EC ) No 45/2001 . Article 9 Penalties ( 1 ) such sanctions must be effective , proportionate and dissuasive . You keep calling him Jim . It 's him , is n't it ? Stop . Go . That 's good . I have my best friend back . Okay , stop whining . You make me cry too . Delia . Do you have lip gloss ? Do you know how lucky you are ? You get a second chance with your one true love . Something 's not right . Friends , behind you ! Hello , fellas ! Can you please help me ? When Member States adopt those provisions , they shall contain a reference to this Directive or be accompanied by such a reference on the occasion of their official publication . I disagree with your war , " perhaps in France . You watch them , you 're disgusting , and you feel guilty , but you ca n't ... stop looking . It makes films a crime , and ... from directors criminals . It should be forbidden . This is my chance to become a filmmaker . Our parents always leave the door open . You 're gon na have to choose a theatre , not a movie . Maybe . On . Again !
R99	Where are you going with that gun in your hand ? European Bank for Reconstruction and Development EN he watched her warily , preparing for the ambush . there were chairs , table , and Chinese teak furniture . A processor who wishes to export and/or dispatch processed products under the conditions laid down in Article 16 or 17 shall , when applying for an entry in the register in accordance with the first subparagraph of paragraph 2 , make a declaration that he wishes to address that activity and determine the location of the processing plant.' Chapter VI and Articles 16 , 17 and 18 are replaced by the following : ' CHAPTER VI REPORT AND RECOVERY Article 16 Re - export and re - dispatch 1 . Now we 're gon na have to cook all of them . Hey ! They 're almost gone . you do n't have to be afraid to come home . Stephen . Something 's definitely draining him . Sylvia , come on . I would have stayed , but we came with one car . I have kids at home . we have to stop worrying about the readers . " I 've always been , " said Seldon . " I 'd like to meet you here in my library office at four o'clock in the afternoon . " I have to work . " " If necessary , say you are ill . it 's important . "
R100	" If you get into any trouble about it , I 'll fix it . In the meantime , gentlemen , do you mind if I study the Galactic simulation for a moment ? It 's been a long time since I 've gotten to one . " Seldon touched the control finger , and the red color that marked the Anacreon province vanished . The galaxy was unmarked , a glowing pinwheel of fog , brightening in a round glow in the center behind which was a Galactic black hole . That 's beautiful . Only the most beautiful emeralds contain this miraculous blue flash . The great king ? Oh , no , little one . Great kings do n't give big stones . Why not ? who gives valuable jewelry ? Who ? ... but it does n't matter who gives it ... ... until you take anything that 's inferior . Wait for the first - class jewelry . Do n't give up on your ideals . Come into the light , Gigi . Open your mouth . I do n't understand how you could have sent me to Meurice when you knew he was living there . " " The answer is simple . He thinks he failed your wife 's guilt , and he has no reason to suspect me . after all , you showed up at the hotel , which proves my loyalty .
R101	Bourne nodded again . " Can you get in touch with him ? " " Not personally . I never could , and I did n't want to . " Anthony is a special case . It 's not a case , it 's a 13-year - old boy . Well , he made a mistake , and he 's gon na pay for it . Come on . In defense of such a force on Midway , Admiral Nimitz had no combat - capable battleships . This scheme can not be considered a permissible drawback system or substitution drawback system within the meaning of Article 3(1)(a)(ii ) of the basic Regulation . Hold on a second . there are at least three bodyguards , okay ? Nikita , I just got here . I ca n't leave you now . You do n't know how to find Ari . But , yes , he does . When Ari started threatening me , I started to watch myself . I put a tracking device on his car . We have time to deal with this later . Do you realize that all the security forces are on standby , and you 're watching Ari Tasarov at the center of Gogol territory ? You do n't even know where he 's headed . but it 's the right thing to do . you 're right . Come here . Slap my ass .
R102	Me , too . It 's hard to prove that I was just trying to burn things from my ex - girlfriend , not light the whole house . Yes , it 's tricky with a fire . The referring court asks , first of all , a question which was answered in the affirmative in the judgment in C , whether the regulation is applicable to measures to take care of children and their placement , which are classified as public measures under national law . On the other hand , further questions on the interpretation of the rules on jurisdiction remain unclarified . The referring court asks , in particular , for a further explanation of the concept of ' habitual residence' of a child from whom international jurisdiction is based . other questions concern the powers of a court which does not have jurisdiction on the substance of the matter . Recital 12 in the preamble to Regulation No 2201/2003 explains the reasons for the rules of jurisdiction in question as follows : This means that jurisdiction should lie in the first place with the Member State of the child 's habitual residence , except for certain cases of a change in the child 's residence or pursuant to an agreement between the holders of parental responsibility.' George V , in an hour . Who was it ? Got a light ? Do n't move . Spread your legs . Excuse me . Put this on . Of course , sir .
R103	Chapter III PROCEDURES 6 . prior notification without discussion The Participant shall notify all other Participants of the issuance of any commitment falling within the scope of this Sector Understanding at least ten calendar days in advance in accordance with Annex V to the Arrangement . Test period and monitoring ( a ) During this two - year trial period , the Participants shall review the functioning of this Sector Understanding with a view to assessing the lessons learnt . ( b ) Those financial terms and conditions shall be cancelled at the end of the test period unless the Participants agree on one of the following options : an extension of the test period with any necessary improvements / modifications , or for the permanent integration of the financial terms of the arrangement with any necessary improvements / changes to the arrangements . ( c ) ( b ) geothermal energy c ) In exceptional cases , for example in the event of an application relating to a very long document or to a very large number of documents , the time limit provided for in paragraph 2 may be extended by 15 working days , provided that the applicant is notified in advance and that detailed reasons are given . for God 's sake . One little push when the good brother was fishing by the river , that was all it was necessary . He fought , but the weight of his clothes dragged him down . God forgive us all .
R104	They 'll fill your table with appreciation , but they wo n't work with you . not after what you wrote that letter . Hi . I 'll see you in two weeks . The Jaguar is calling the chairman of all agencies . We 're glad to hear it . the application of the Protocol may be suspended at the initiative of one of the Parties if the dispute between the Parties is deemed to be serious and if the consultations within the Joint Committee under paragraph 1 have not resulted in an amicable settlement . What 's the problem ? He thinks he 's gon na go in and use the bathroom . in and out , okay ? Thank you . Oh . Hi . I 'm Harry . Hi . Well , I 've been waiting for this day since your name came up on the list a month ago . I do n't want to bother you . You 're not harassing me at all . All my life , I 've been angry with my father . Ryan , I swear I do n't know them . Shut up the dog or I 'll do it . How typical , every time I go out with you , something happens , maybe I lose my wallet . I just had a gun to my head , you insensitive brat ! Do you have any idea how bad it is ? Ryan , Ryan , something 's wrong .
R105	Yeah , and how do we know it 's not in you ? And how do we know it 's not in you , Captain ? It sounds tangled , but what we have is exactly what we need is exactly what we need : weapons in a lot of hands , pointed in every direction . What about that stun gun you got ? You ruined her ! What we need is to kill the virus , as long as we 're trapped here . Zhaan said he could make it . I want to try anything . Remember , I do n't have all the files I need . Yeah , well , whatever it is , you take it first . Melinda 's not well , Paul . Is she still having a headache ? She had another seizure yesterday . the worst of all . I 'm going to Vicksburg with her for some tests in a few days . X - ray of the head and God knows what else . She 's scared to death . To tell you the truth , so do I. Well , if it 's something that appears on the X - ray , maybe they can do something about it . Maybe . This just came in . That 's why you did n't come to me . We do n't know ... who our parents were and how we got there .
R106	... I realised ... ... that I did n't need to protect ... ... anymore . that she 's strong enough . ... on Jesse . I think you 'll find it 's an interesting experience . on Jesse and Isabel . Now it 's your turn , Karter . Get on with it . Oh , I 'm okay with that . She has so much to offer . Oh , he must be attracted to a lot of Colombian drug dealers . Our office in Chicago has made Tim a socially impossible and sacrificial lamb . Where is he now ? wine ? And when they cut the gut 's stomach , they found the guy 's arm , which was intact , and she was still holding his golf club . I do n't think it would have turned out that way if his wife had n't left him . That 's exactly what led to alcoholism , which probably had something to do with the fact that he threatened the president . The moisture ... your hair ? I think it 's a recipe for cotton candy . Here we are . on Terrence and Crystal , Emmet kicked a piece of rock across the river . it was cut by a young maple before it boomed over the foundations of a large fir that tilted and then fell on another tree . " Revenge . " It does n't wear out that fast , " I told him .
R107	Emmet grunted , his teeth flashing . " Tomorrow . " " Hey , whatever makes you happy , big brother . " as he turned to leave , he slammed into the granite , hitting the avalanche of splinters and dust . Ruth slept on Wednesday until 1:00 in the afternoon . She woke with inconspicuous remnants of a headache , but two Anacines took care of her . Do you know when I first heard this song ? it was ... I do n't know , a few years ago . That 's ... that 's psychotic . It 's crazy , you know . Well , that 's the circus . And the hunchback of Notre Dame everyone is making love or else offering rain Do you like Edgar Allan Poe ? I like The Raven . Me , too . Gabriel , what are you having ? And you Pien Si , who had 50,000 people massacred in Ping - zhou ? You once were a rebel . I am not . error . Attack . Attack . Yuan Shao has 100,000 soldiers in Guan , and 100 warships at Che - tao . Looks like he 's gon na attack with full force , like a tiger on a rabbit . yuan Shaa is too brutal for a tiger . We split up , we attack the diversity .
R108	The Authority shall support the delegation of tasks and responsibilities between competent authorities by identifying the tasks and responsibilities that may be delegated or jointly exercised and promoting best practices . Said I 'd be named Ser Podrick Payne if I told the judges you bought a poison called " the strangler . " Ser Podrick Payne ? That sounds very nice . What did you tell him ? did n't say anything , my lord . Are you going to accept the offer ? My lord ... to testify against me is not just a suggestion . If they do not give them the sugar method , they choose less sweet resources . below , the court is in a fortnight . until then , they want an answer . I wo n't let you die because of me . If I am to take the long journey to the executioner 's block , I do n't want to see your head on a spear . 62008TJ0204_EN Keywords Summary Keywords 1 . 2 . Competition - Agreements , decisions and concerted practices - Agreements and concerted practices constituting a single infringement - Definition ( Art . 81(1 ) EC ) 2 . Recursive parameters estimation and structure adaptation of neural network : : Department of Cybernetics , Faculty of Applied Sciences , University of West Bohemia in Pilsen www.kky.zcu.cz | 10 June 2009 01:39:25 CEST honestly . Here 's the thing .
R109	And I just wanted to say it in front of you , because when we get home , it could be a little weird . weirder . You 're worried about Ariel , are n't you ? Well , she 's kind of angry right now ... Well , you know , I was thinking about that , too , but the problem is ... " We have a search warrant signed by the judge , " Gasko told me , a little in self - defense . " The tour is illegal , " I said bitterly . I 'll sue each and every one of you . you 'll be off - duty , likely to suspend your paycheck , and you 'll be facing a civil argument . " ' We are protected , ' said Gasko , looking at his companions . Claire came back with a camera . " Did you tell them I did n't live here ? " I asked her . You should know that you should stop , but you would n't have any fun , would you ? and what if we refuse to move ? and I thought you were the smarter guy . You know I used to be an accountant . I can see it in your eyes . You 're still fighting their battles . I do n't see any battles . I was a helmsman . a lot of numbers . I became a prisoner of war . Andersonville ?
R110	( OJ 2003 C 100 , p. 24 ) . Well , if you think it 's okay to be locked up in a tin box in the middle of nowhere with two soldiers working on secret operations , and the CIA is trying desperately to find ... I 'm great . Fine . I 'm here with the legal people . to make it official , and none of us go to jail , this time we 're gon na record the process . State your names . Agent Marcus Finley . Agent Susan Dunn . When I permit the next course of action , we will begin the operation to lure the hijacker or the kidnappers from their hiding place using the information we received last night at Jonas Clarenbach 's home . and what 's the information ? are ingredients that contain data on the Central Intelligence Agency . and we know that the kidnappers are connected to the CIA , and we have reason to believe that they 're going to try to get those files . have these CIA documents been processed yet ? Not yet . What ? This one . Every time I look up , you 'll be there . And whenever you look , I 'll be there . Thank you . Good - bye . Thank you . all thoughts that have immense consequences are simple .
R111	Elizabeth had also inherited her mother 's onyx black eyes and a slender figure , not her father 's enormous weight . Elizabeth inherited her mother 's body structure as well as her body and features . she was more like her mother than her father : charming , flirtatious , charismatic , and religiously tolerant . about personality , Elizabeth was resourceful , determined and reasonable . Although Philip II helped her end the Italian wars with the M9 from Cateau Cambrésis , Elizabeth remained independent in her diplomacy . ... my father knew the secret of the bell ... ... and my father gave it to me when he died . No one knows him but me . tangible non - produced assets consist of land , underground assets , non - cultivated biological resources and water resources , as defined below . Good job . Have a great day . not only get a chance to spend a day Special caution should be exercised when using other red blood cell production agents : Silapo belongs to a group of medicines that stimulate red blood cell production as well as the human protein erythropoietin . Patients with kidney disease Pure red cell aplasia ( PRCA ) has been reported after months to years subcutaneous treatment with other medicinal products containing erythropoietins and can not be excluded with Silapo . PRCA means the body 's inability to produce enough red blood cells in the bone marrow .
R112	if this particular condition ( PRCA ) occurs , Silapo treatment will be stopped and your doctor will determine the best treatment for anaemia . Although this complication is very rare , you must not forget that you would need regular blood transfusion , possibly for life , to treat your anemia , and treatment with Silapo would be stopped . if you are a patient with chronic kidney disease , your doctor will check that your haemoglobin does not exceed a certain value because high haemoglobin may expose you to heart or blood vessels and may increase the risk of death . In isolated cases , increases in blood potassium have been reported . In chronic renal failure patients , correction for anaemia may lead to increased appetite , and potassium and protein intake . In March 2009 , the Commission carried out unannounced inspections at the premises of Schott . In June 2009 , Nippon Electric Glass applied for immunity or leniency , as the case may be . In March 2010 , Schott applied for leniency . When initiating proceedings pursuant to Article 11(6 ) of Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1/2003 ( 2 ) on 29 June 2010 , the Commission invited the four companies to indicate their interest in taking part in settlement discussions ( 3 ) . all societies accepted the challenge .
R113	Progress negotiations were organised in three main stages between July 2010 and July 2011 , during which three rounds of formal bilateral meetings between the Commission and each of the parties took place . After the first meeting in July 2010 , the parties had the opportunity to familiarise themselves with relevant evidence at DG Competition 's premises , through oral submissions , a list of the documents constituting the Commission 's file and copies of the evidence which had already been shown to them . on the basis of a request from Asahi Glass , Nippon Electric Glass and Schott and to the extent that the parties could reasonably explain their positions on the duration or any other aspect of the cartel , all parties were given access to other documents in the case file . The parties also acknowledged that they were responsible for the conduct of their subsidiaries which were part of the cartel . also indicated the maximum amount of the fine that the Commission had informed them of and which they would adopt in the context of the settlement procedure .
R114	In order to establish the second rate of aid , the less stringent storage requirements applicable for the period after 1 March following the takeover referred to in Article 6(3 ) of this Regulation shall be taken into account . Article 8 1 . storage aid applications shall be submitted by the storage agencies to the competent authority no later than the fifth day of each month and shall relate to the previous month . I ca n't stay with him . I do n't like him enough . Hey , Pheebs . Not anymore . it seems you can change it to whatever you want . So meet Princess Consuela Bananahammock . Tuna melted . very courageous . I bought it for you . Annex to the Commission Regulation of 29 April 2005 fixing the corrective amount applicable to the refund on cereals ( EUR / t ) The Europol Convention entered into force in the Czech Republic , Estonia , Cyprus , Latvia , Lithuania , Hungary , Malta , Poland , Slovenia and Slovakia after their accession to the European Union . I 'm sorry . How many times have you been at her house ? six times ? God bless you all he wants , but I wo n't start from the beginning , Dilbert . ... and I wo n't hunt stupid pigs ! Here 's food , beer , and Dharma 's clothes . and Desmond 's gon na let me in one way or another .
R115	Wait . Open the fucking door ! it was clear what was going to happen . No ! That 's what the enemy wants ! It was n't even a dozen heartbeats that he turned away from her . the sanctuary was so tempting : too tempting . his men ran out of the woods , and with Sugama in the lead , they headed for the fortress . then one of them dropped to the ground , and a stream of blood crackled out of his throat . Despite Asayaga 's confusion , he could not suppress a grin . Maybe they would all die in the next few minutes , but it was good to see Sugama taste the reality of the world before that . " Not to the fortress ! A trap ! Follow me ! " sugama slowed for a moment , wincing as an arrow whizzed past him . he turned to follow Asayaga . Commission Regulation ( EEC ) No 2847/93 of 12 October 1993 establishing a control system applicable to the common fisheries policy[6 ] , and Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1489/97 of 29 July 1997 laying down detailed rules for the application of Council Regulation ( EEC ) No 2847/93 as regards o Satellite vessel monitoring systems[7 ] to ensure compliance with the measures provided for in this Regulation . cardiac and vascular disorders
R116	Nationals of third States shall be allowed to tender for contracts . Subject to the Commission 's approval , the Head of Mission may conclude technical arrangements with Member States , participating third States and other international actors regarding the provision of equipment , services and premises to EUPOL RD Congo . I want to scan you . Right now . Come on . He 'd say that . Do n't you find that strange ? whatever 's good does n't have to be weird . organ fabric , lymphatic fluid , cellular function . Sweetie , answer me . I need a signal amplifier . a warning . The broadcast signal is blocked . The signal 's coming . I do n't understand . It looks like it 's just you and me . Come on , Nick , smile . They 're all light here . You 've got a stiff body . Listen to me . Loosen up ... Thank you . My father lives on the East Side . I went to get him . People were murdering each other . It took me a few days to get back . so you do n't know . Each Secretary shall be responsible for circulating the documents to the relevant members of his / her Party in the Association Committee , where a copy shall be systematically sent to the other Secretary . Article 9 Confidentiality 1 . Unless otherwise decided , the meetings of the Association Committee shall not be public .
R117	The ... What 's going on here , Mitch ? Meet Dwayne Hicks . When was the last time you saw your wife ? last night . Debbie and I had an early dinner , and then I went to work . Do n't do that . Yes , a little . Yes . I served it . Have you ever had sex with an animal ? Is that for real ? Oh , my God . At least I look better on her than in Seattle . Subject : Notification of the closure of the Porto - Vigo rail link Answer from the Commission ( 16 August 2011 ) I 'm screwed . The only thing I can tell this guy I 'm experienced , loyal , and hard - working . Michael , we 're not gon na learn . My parents are gone for a long time . Oh , come on ! So , what do we do ? Michael , do you know who might be so ... ... charming as Bowie ? Come on , come on . No , I 'm not like that . Come on , Michael ! " If I start crying , I 'll go to the bathroom , damn it , he thought hard . " Six sentences on a cheap paper made him this . The world is pretty fragile , just as fragile as cartoons ; beautiful colors on the outside , empty inside .
R118	She could also decide that ten days of separation is not enough , not enough , not enough . she had Tad now . what 's at home , that 's what counts , right ? to try it with him for a while . they could be looking for happy yesterday . almost , but not completely . He managed to drink his drink in the last drop before the plane landed at Logan Airport . Whenever the autumn wind came up and shook the leaves and branches , I stopped and held on to everything I could find . I finally came to the window and began to curse softly . My calculations - so easily calculated on the cobbles thirty meters below me - were a little wrong . the branch of the chalma grew ten feet below the parapet of the open window . Well , if I wanted to reach the windowsill , I had to jump out and hope I caught my fingers . That was crazy . there was nothing in that tower , so I could not justify such a risk . Postbox 581 Waarderweg 39 2031 BN Haarlem Nederland Singulair 4 mg Granules Oral use Iceland Merck Sharp & Dohme B.V.
R119	PostBox 581 Waarderweg 39 2031 BN Haarlem Nederland Singulair 4 mg Chewable tablets Oral use 4 mg Ireland Merck Sharp & Dohme Ltd Hertford Road Hoddesdon Hertfordshire EN119 BU United Kingdom Singulair Paediatric 4 mg granules Oral use Ireland Merck Sharp & Dohme Ltd Hertford Road Hoddesdon Hertfordshire EN 119 BU United Kingdom Singulair Paediatric 4 mg Chewable tablets Oral use 4 mg Italy Merck Sharp E Dohme ( Italia ) S.p . A. ( h ) and ( j ) : Hiromi Namino , Natsuko Yagi , Asami Ogawa Shun Domon , Rei Sumoto , Yuka Asagirl , Hiroshi Nawa Mitsuya , Satoshi Morizuka Bunta Sugawara Eat it , brother , or daddy will take it from you . You 're becoming the same as your mother . and now what were you gon na say ? Your land ? a billion ? The anniversary of my father 's death is coming . I 'd like to arrange a memorial party and make our house a little better . That 's all I can do for him . I understand . I ca n't do this . I ca n't do this In order to create a price offer on a comparable basis for pig carcasses , the registered hot weight is reduced by 0,8 kg . Article 3 Modifications of the apparatus or the assessment methods shall not be authorised . Article 4 This Decision is addressed to the Republic of Cyprus . Done at Brussels , 27 December 2004 .
R120	hypersensitivity to the active substance or to any of the excipients listed in section 6.1 . 4.4 Special warnings and precautions for use It may take several days to some weeks to improve the patient 's clinical condition . Patients should be closely monitored during this period . In placebo - controlled clinical trials ( 6 - 12 weeks duration ) of elderly patients ( mean age 78 years ) with dementia - related psychosis and/or disturbed behaviours , there was a 2-fold increase in the incidence of death in olanzapine - treated patients compared to patients treated with placebo ( 3.5 % vs. 1.5 % , respectively ) . The higher incidence of death was not associated with olanzapine dose ( mean daily dose 4.4 mg ) or duration of treatment . The risk factors that may predispose this patient population to increased mortality include age > 65 years , dysphagia , sedation , malnutrition and dehydration , pulmonary conditions ( e.g. , pneumonia with or without aspiration ) , or concomitant use of benzodiazepines . However , the higher incidence of death in olanzapine - treated than in placebo - treated patients was independent of these risk factors . All olanzapine- and placebo - treated patients who experienced a cerebrovascular event had pre - existing risk factors . That was true . Ramius had trained hundreds of officers and crew members and put them on the other submarines whose commanders were very pleased with them .
R121	" You should be the commander of one of our higher naval schools , Comrade Captain . your talent would have benefited the state much more . " University Spring Break , only ten days at the end of April , starting at the end of the Saturday class , that is , seventy - two hours . under the circumstances , however , the vacation did not seem to be considered - unless Washington decided to withdraw it from other events , which he doubted . pump will understand , even approve . when you got it Give it Do n't be shy Be bold and adorable show the boys your birthday suit if you got it as soon as you got it Hooray ! Okey - dokey . Lib ... did you ? Well , I want you to know , my dear , that even though we were sitting ... ... we applauded you standing up . is in our show . Wait , Max . Max , you do n't know if there 's a part for her . Would you excuse us , dear ? every other DD5 has a name on it . He went to the Towers ? Yeah , I was just a few minutes behind him . into the building . Okay . Are you sure he was driving that white car ? Black , skinny . He looked really serious . Okay , slow , but sure . Slowly ... but sure .
R122	They 're putting together rescue teams . Watch out . I will , brother . special populations Wow . Messiah , Houston . Confirm when complete . Hey , how 's it going ? Charging the first nuke . 1,000 feet to stop . r - dot 3 , 5-X , 2-Y. 500 feet , r - dot 0.3 ... 3-X , 1.5-Y. We 're going to auto - trajectory . We 're in . This is a special broadcast of MSNBC messages with Jenny Lerner . Good evening . The first expedition of the year ... as the torture of Parsons continued , I preferred to watch the scarlet leaves fluttering out of the autumn wind . you do n't even know the facts , do you ? Morlar . Morlar . Sir ? Can I assume that you are a body with us , not a ghost ? Yes , sir . that your assumption is correct , sir . Stand right up . Do you deliberately make a fool of me , Morlar ? A man can only make a fool of himself , Mr. Copley . Silence .
R123	I 'm sorry . I spent nine months in Mongkok . and everything for nothing . Shove it up your ass ! You have a monthly salary of $ 80,000 . and a handicapped man like me makes money with rewards . I 'm here . It has to cost at least $ 100,000 . - $ 100,000 ? ! I do n't care . and I want $ 100,000 worth of food . It 'll be a celebration . You 're hot ? The candidates are sweating like a pigsty door . Just the one in the house . What did you do before ? But you did n't bet on me ? if account is taken of this fact in a particular case : is the increase in the amount of compensation permitted only if the characteristics justifying the uniqueness of the variety which is the subject of the application are expressed in the description of the plant variety right ? The test is part of the government program ... Cut it short , Seymour ! Your results on this test ... will affect the years of how much money this shithead is going to get . So we 're not gon na do anything for the next two weeks ... but to ask you questions and answers to your soft little brains . Good children , the standardized test answers can be divided ... into 12 formulas . Repeat after me : Accaca - Dabacca - Accacaca .
R124	Dacacca - Adada - Badacad . The greatest city of Montana ? Helena ? Wrong ! You did n't tell anyone ? I thought he was just joking . Maybe it stopped . No ! Mr. McCloud . Diana ! Diana ! How are you feeling ? Are you okay ? Yes , I am . because ... Mom ! No way it 's funny ! Where 's my little girl ? Is my little girl in there ? It worked ! I do n't feel it . I 'm out ! I sold my soul to the devil , and I got out of the contract . I 'm free . How the hell did you get out of it ? He owns your soul ? So it 's bad luck , stud , but not for me . Tell me how you got the hell out of it ! Just no more shocks , OK ? Give me this , and I 'll tell you . How ? trusting . We should talk . What is it ? the address of my tailor . The donna said you wanted it . and what would really happen to me if I came in there ? You 'd get a nice suit . The kind you could wear tonight if I invited you to dinner . donna . What 's the fun of being an older partner if you have to keep it a secret ? and why should I have dinner with you ?
R125	Where did you download it ? Addict.com ? Look , I have no reason to lie . Of course I do . All of you . You thought I was lying ? I do n't know . Okay , it 's anonymous . I doubt it . Oh , sure you are super - junkie . What you went through was nothing serious . But there 's no other way I can learn what you 've learned , is there ? as a thousand whispering voices , " That 's who you are . " 2015 Department of Tactics of the Faculty of Military Leadership The University of Defence organises the International Military - Expert Conference " TAKTIKA 2015 " on : Tactical activities of units and task groups in future operations . The conference will be held under the auspices of Major General Ing . Stop it , Rick . A great and brave man . everything she knew or knew was because of him . Yes , that 's very nice . It was accompanied by the sound of a piano piano ... ... playing down in the saloon . " Sir , as a child , I met a man , " they always said . Not one of our stories is very cheerful . Tell me ... ... who did you leave me for ? Was it Laszlo , or were there others ... ... or are you just not talking about it ?
R126	I 'll take you on a little hill and teach you the basics . You 're going crazy . That 's true . Go riding , and I 'll find something . advertising may also cause food disorders such as anorexia or bulimia . children and adolescents are confronted with the patterns of characters and the personal image of young people who work in advertising . by a pattern of slim form on young people , especially girls , the ideal of beauty that promotes such dietary habits that can threaten human life is highlighted . The American psychological association is of the opinion that advertising for children under eight years of age should be ( or completely banned ) , given that children are not able to detect the persuasive mechanisms of their communication at that age . The aim of such a ban is to limit the negative impact of advertising in the form of unhealthy eating habits , children and parents ' disputes in demanding the purchase of advertisements and exposure to violence ( 6 ) .
R127	the Commission shall determine the investigation period , with a view to deciding to grant an exemption normally lasting twelve months but at least six months from the date of suspension of the payment of the extended duty on essential bicycle parts . the atmosphere is warm and humid with abundant rainfall . All of this contributes to good natural conditions with an optimal combination of climate , soil , water and vegetation , which underpins the growth of tea trees . These conditions ensure a good and stable environmental environment for physiological processes and material metabolism in buds , leading to the formation and accumulation of nitrogen compounds , including amino acids and aromatic substances . The knowledge of collecting , drying , Qing - kuo , cooling , moisture and Hui - kuo are important components in the processing of Longjing cha . A combination of these components depends on the quality of Longjing cha , its aromatic aroma and pure taste , and all of these elements help shape the unique properties of Longjing cha . Reference to publication of speciality : " What 's all this ? " Salter asked , surprised . 2012/C 235/30 Language of the case : Dutch The President of the Court has ordered that the case be removed from the register . France considers that the restructuring plan will allow Alstom to gain long - term viability . Estimates are provided in the Three Year Treasury Plan , version W10 .
R128	As a result , an unsatisfactory situation , where the legality of an existing monopoly was called into question not only in administrative and judicial proceedings , but also through the direct provision of online gambling services by operators without a licence in other jurisdictions . According to the explanatory memorandum accompanying the Gaming Act , the liberalisation process was justified by the last technological development that meant that Denmark was now part of a global communication society in which consumers had access to a wide range of services from different jurisdictions . In the last ten years , gambling has become a significant commodity on the internet , especially with the introduction of online poker . The internet provided Danish citizens with the opportunity to compare Danske Spil 's products with products offered by online gambling providers in the United Kingdom , Malta , Gibraltar and other countries . In recent years , an increasing number of Danes have begun gambling with international providers of these services . As explained by the Danish authorities , the Government was concerned that the provision of gaming , if not effectively regulated and controlled , could be associated with negative effects for society in the form of crime and a collapse of public order and could lead vulnerable individuals to gamble . The Danish authorities therefore needed to be able to regulate and control games of chance offered to Danish citizens in order to direct gambling to a controlled framework to prevent negative consequences for society .
R129	What the fuck did you say to me , you faggot ? Get the fuck out of the toilets ! Oh , shit ! I ca n't take a piss . I 'm gon na kill that motherfucker ! Fucking faggot ! What ? What ? You better watch your mouth ! Hey , miss . Mademoiselle ! Do n't you have a quarter to borrow ? | Fun films , particularly for children and young people | " We have to go . " " Are n't we going to talk about the voyage ? " " It gave me a compass and gave directions , " the mystif said . Come In Ha ! Please take me on your back . You lost ! Dad never laughs . Dad , something ... I forgot to ask how you liked the cabin ? Alone , he knew I was the one who complained . She tried to help . hey . it 's Sandra ? You see , I told Elaine that it was really nice to talk to you , and she thought I was being sarcastic because I 'm a comedian and all . She thought I thought : " It 's really nice to talk to you . " But I was really honest . My mother was recovering from the impetigo , and my father thought it would be a good idea for her to be in the fresh air .
R130	The member wishing to be represented by an alternate representative for a particular meeting shall notify in writing to the other Parties to the Association Committee the name of his / her alternate before the meeting takes place . the alternate as a member of the Committee shall exercise all the rights of that member . Article 5 Delegations The members of the Association Committee may be accompanied by other officials . Before each meeting , the Parties shall be informed , through the Secretariat , of the intended composition of the delegations attending the meeting . Article 6 Secretariat The official of the EU Party and the official official of one of the Republics of the CA Party , who shall take turns in accordance with the instructions laid down for this purpose by the Republics of the CA Party , shall act jointly as secretaries of the Association Committee . Honey , you lied to us ... ... where you were going and who you were with . What if something happened to you ? Why ca n't I choose my own friends and how I want to live ? because you 're choosing wrong , honey . Look , you have a lot of better choices to choose from . Like what ? go to Brinton ? Spelman is a great school , but me and your father ... but what ?
R131	' So many people , ' Talon marveled . Dustin Webanks looked at the boy , too . " You 've never been to town before ? " " No , sir . " Latagore is only big enough to be called a city . it 's more of an oversized village . " Caleb grunted . ' It 's a big enough town to have a guard and a lot of ropes . ' He turned to Talon , " We 're going to the city with this gate . Most locals use it because the others use pilgrims and caravans , so it takes a long time . that 's why it 's called the Local Gate . " ' And how many gates are there ? ' Talon asked , remembering the simple stockade around their village with a single door . " I think this town has twenty of them . . . four ?
R132	Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 592/2005 ( 3 ) has established the most recent list of Member States in which intervention is suspended . ( g ) the procedures for amending the Convention that has to be in accordance with the obligations laid down in Articles 4 and 5 . Article 9 Without prejudice to paragraph 3 , the total duration of the probationary period shall in no case exceed 12 months . First class and no class . Careful with the forge . It 's an antique . On our way to Rhode Island , we 're not gon na stop until we 're there . We wo n't be afraid or crying . - That 's right ! As long as we 're together , Fox wo n't die . Excuse me ? Of course we will escape like renegade pilgrims from the Plymouth Colony . Rhode Island and I are connected as two freshmen who were rejected by Harward and forced to go to Brown . Rhode Island and I are connected Look who I found at the train stop ! My baby ! God wo n't let you have a little eyeliner when I come home ? Hey , kid ! Thanks for not telling me . What 's the patient 's name ? Eens Meena Mina Moe . Sir ... Sir , my wife is ... pregnant . But you 're not ! Stay here . I did n't tell him .
R133	Please tell me you have some magic booze that will help me forget the last 15 minutes . Yeah , tequila . He somehow slipped away , and now he 's drawing Fae secrets all over town . But why ? Maybe he waswise . " Do n't get involved with the Dark Fae ? " for a fool , a pretty clear plan . Something just does n't add up . He actually tattooed my number for his heart . Yes ? Hey , I just ran into my boyfriend , Jason . Where ? Is she with you now ? but he felt more like hitting me in the face with a shotgun butt . The alley behind the new hotel for the posh people , where they sell the mini - bars of oxygen . with respect , Colin Barkdale . Very good . You write exquisitely on the machine . Pretty fast , no mistakes , miss ... Alice Merren ? Not the Alice Merren that the papers wrote about ? I 'm afraid our agency wo n't be able to find a suitable location . I 'll settle for any place . the businesses for which we 're looking for employees are only accepted by respectable persons . They found me innocent . I was acquitted of that accusation . Yes , but you were in prison .
R134	The Chinese prices increased by around 20 % when compared to prices during the original investigation period , but the Vietnamese prices are close to those found during the original investigation period . This is even more evident when looking at the levels of undercutting , which had a significant increase compared to the original investigation period . In the case of China , the level of undercutting increased during that period from 13,5 % to 31,9 % and for Vietnam the same increase occurred from 15,9 % to 38,9 % . So , let 's get started , dear . Sixty percent of 150 is ninety . Did I wake you ? Are you still mad at me ? I have nightmares , I wake up . I ask you , what kind of rent do you pay ? After the Bahamas ... maybe you 'll move in with me ... for a rehearsal . No , it 's all right . Okay . Well , a couple of counterfeit balls here and there . are young . Kids , too . No , you 're great . I love it . Take it easy . Help me . Take my hand . That 's right . Come on , buddy . Let 's do it again . What the hell happened ? God , what happened ? Where ? I 'm not sure . You got up early today . I got ta go see somebody . My mom . Your mom ?
R135	He speaks too much . If I did n't have to , I would n't . Unless you have another reason ... Believe me , I 'm saving you for myself . Brett ... Look . Okay ? See you later . Hi . Yeah . Excuse me . The same thing ? Really ? I bet I can do it in three drinks . It 's not betting if you never lose . I 'll bet you . Really ? I 'll bet you $ 20 that I kiss you without touching your lips . If a condition of this kind is contained in the general terms and conditions , its contents are subject to scrutiny by the court pursuant to Section 307 of the Civil Code ( BGB ) . there it says that a clause in the treaty is invalid if one Contracting Party uses it to put the other partner to the contract at an unfair disadvantage . I 'm not gon na waste my time thinking about other options . but what if I made the wrong decision after all ? Stop ! she began to think about how she was going to do it . They were planning to send her to Neskai , which was a long way from here , after all . It 's the opposite of Nevarsin , where the women are now headed . He 'll assign it one or two at the most .
R136	Nothing ... Magda accepted the fact that it meant expulsion from her familiar world , which was Darkover . She would never be able to do what she had done in Thendara , for if she had ever entered the Darkovan zone , any Amazon might have been killed on sight . A fair comparison shall be made between the export price and the normal value . This comparison shall be made at the same level of trade and on the basis of sales made at as soon as possible , and with due account taken of other differences which affect price equivalence . Where the normal values and export prices thus identified are not comparable , due allowance in the form of adjustments shall be made , in each case , for differences in factors which are claimed and demonstrated to affect prices and price comparability ... ' 8 Under Article 2(11 ) of the basic regulation : ' Unless otherwise provided for by the provisions governing the [ fair ] comparison , the existence of a margin of dumping during the course of the investigation shall normally be established on the basis of a comparison of the weighted average normal value with the weighted average prices of all comparable export transactions or a comparison of the normal value and export prices on a transaction - by - transaction basis .
R137	However , normal value established on a weighted average basis may be compared to the prices of individual export transactions if the export price structure differs significantly between different purchasers , regions or time periods , and if the methods referred to in the first sentence of this paragraph do not reflect the full extent of the dumping practice . This paragraph shall not preclude the selection of a control sample in accordance with Article 17.' 9 As regards the determination of injury , Article 3(2 ) , ( 3 ) and ( 6 ) of the basic regulation provides : The gift tax shall be levied on what is obtained by the recipient of the gift or , where appropriate , after deduction of fees and liabilities in favour of the donor or a third party associated with the donation' . 5 Article 1 of the Law of 1928 on the protection of natural assets ( Natuurschoonwet 1928 , ' the Law on the protection of natural rich' ) provides : No , nothing yet . Oh , sure , sure . Of course . and what 's going on with you ? It 's going well . Mm - hmm . I 'm talking to that pretty American beauty of ours again . Yeah . I think he 's going to say something to us this morning . Okay . Come in . I told you everything I know . Oh , no , I did n't , son . but you will .
R138	The European Supervisory Authorities shall submit those draft regulatory technical standards to the Commission within five months of the date of application referred to in Article 309(1 ) of Directive 2009/138/EC . Power is delegated to the Commission to adopt the regulatory technical standards referred to in the first subparagraph in accordance with Articles 10 to 14 of Regulation ( EU ) No 1093/2010 , Regulation ( EU ) No 1094/2010 and Regulation ( EU ) No 1095/2010.' . Title XI TRANSITIONAL AND FINAL PROVISIONS CHAPTER 1 Transitional provisions for the supervision of institutions exercising the freedom of establishment and the freedom to provide services Article 151 Scope 1 . The provisions of this Chapter shall be replaced by Articles 40 , 41 , 43 , 49 , 50 and 51 until the liquidity coverage requirement becomes applicable in accordance with the delegated acts adopted pursuant to Article 460 of Regulation ( EU ) No 575/2013 . As a consequence , Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1974/2006 ( 3 ) should be complemented by additional detailed implementing measures . the expiry of the milk quota scheme pursuant to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1234/2007 of 22 October 2007 establishing a common organisation of agricultural markets and specific provisions concerning certain agricultural products ( Single CMO Regulation ) there are shadows . " The darkness came quickly . Skilgannon closed his eyes and slipped into the illusion of another place . it hissed like a wind through a crack in a window .
R139	Skilgannon turned and the Sword of Night whistled . He encountered a metallic thing that fell on Skilgannon 's shoulder . then there was a shrill scream of pain . the darkness was complete . Skilgannon leaped to his right and turned again , blades extended . Immediately he dropped to one knee and swung the Sword of the Day . the blade struck something soft and drove through it . clouds ripped . for a moment he saw a pale figure twenty feet apart . she was gone again , and she appeared right in front of him . For an exhaustive list of excipients , see section 6.1.3 . Drug FORMA Hard capsule ( capsule ) . The hard capsules ( length approximately 22 mm ) have an opaque white body . The sale of Meisterstrasse products will make it easier for customers to buy excellent and unique artisanal products in the spring of 2007 . Him . I do n't know that . start with the last ones . For other capital market transactions , the execution period is 10 business days . in Tables 1 to 4 and points 39 to 41 , the credit quality step to which the credit assessment of the debt security is assigned means the credit quality step to which the credit rating is assigned according to the competent authorities in accordance with Articles 78 to 83 . Part 1 , point 10 , also applies for the purposes of this point .
R140	In the case of unrated debt securities issued by institutions and meeting the eligibility criteria in Part 1 , point 8 , the volatility adjustments shall be the same as for securities issued by institutions or undertakings with an external credit assessment associated with credit quality steps 2 or 3 . 0B005 Plant specially designed for the fabrication of " nuclear reactor " fuel elements and specially designed or prepared equipment therefor . eating the food . Helena , please show your hoodlums . That 's a matter of opinion , Helena . Chicken salad ? Thanks , Eddie . Hey , how 's it going ? We 're doing street dance . Not ballet . He really likes it . exactly your type . I think those ballet boys are adorable . we 're teachers . You 're not under arrest , we 're just gon na ask you a few questions . What 's wrong with you ? Oh , yes , yes ... That 's right , Ray , keep it up . Shoot me , come on ! You think that 's gon na solve anything ? The story will inspire you . When I finally found Artie , he was buried in that motel of yours , and thanks to your Lane , he was waiting for Lennox . A hillbilly from a hillbilly who stole money from the FBl and told a crazy story about a respected black agent with a record as clean as the snow .
R141	Artie 's dead . Noreen called you an accomplice . Since those measures are of general scope and are designed to amend non - essential elements of Regulation ( EC ) No 1831/2003 , inter alia , by supplementing it with new non - essential elements , they must be adopted in accordance with the regulatory procedure with scrutiny provided for in Article 5a of Decision 1999/468/EC . Accordingly , Regulation ( EC ) No 1831/2003 is hereby amended as follows : Article 3(5 ) shall be replaced by the following : Article 5 The date of establishment of the benefits corrected pursuant to this Regulation pursuant to the second subparagraph of Article 2(2 ) of Regulation ( EC , Euratom ) No 1150/2000 shall be the last day of the second month following the date of entry into force of this Regulation . Article 6 This Regulation shall enter into force on the day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . Article 1 shall apply from 8 October 2003 . Article 2 shall apply from 15 October 2004 . Article 3 shall apply from 18 October 2005 . Article 4 shall apply from 23 February 2007 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 3 November 2009 . It 's empty . The elevator that goes on its own ? Someone called him . Who ? How should I know ?
R142	" Lancelet will not move away from you , he is ready to fill the place , " he blushed , but he replied politely , " That is so , my friends , Arthur 's companions stir among themselves and try to win the King , and when there is Gawaine we must retreat , and even Cai , who is a pity , " the Queen 's protégé . " " This meeting can go on long enough , and you must prepare to ride at first light , " " Venhwyfar 's fists were fists . she said in a clear voice , " No , my lord . for daybreak , not in the sight , not to Camelot , not to nikaxnjinam all over the globe . " " But , my lady , I ca n't put you off the road when there 's a war going on in the country . Well , I 'd like to rest you a day or two before you go on the road again , but I have to hurry to get you safe , before the Saxons come . Gosh , Gwenhwyfar , when it comes in the morning , your horse and everything will be ready . You must not ride , you ride in a wagon , or you can carry you in a stretcher , you must go . " " I do n't think so ! " she cried .
R143	The Commission also considers that EU legislation is aimed at protecting the principle of relative stability under which Member States are ' claimed' to a certain predetermined level of fishing opportunities . The fact that the Member States are the holder of this ' entitle' does not , however , give rise to individual entitlements of individual holders of fishing opportunities . It is precisely in that context that the legislation referred to by the appellant must be interpreted , since they relate more to the ' entitlement' of the Member States to compensation for unused quotas than the right which individual quota holders might have if their activities were interrupted for reasons relating to the protection of the environment and the conservation of living marine resources . Article 13 Entry into force This Regulation shall enter into force on the seventh day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . It shall apply from 1 July 2007 . Done at Luxembourg , 19 June 2006 . Interaction with other medicinal products and other forms of interaction But they do the same thing ... No . You gon na let people starve to death ? You got all the ink in the Detroit newspaper , so now you 're in " Newsweek . " and there 's nothing about me . What about me ? You 're an American quack . it was three years ago . What else are you afraid of ?
R144	She could n't turn around , behind her was the back door of the house . When I first contacted your doctor , he did n't want to talk to me . We 'll squash the loonies . It 's not our fault . It was them . I 'm looking for Smoky McPop . I got a truck for Smoky McPop . You ordered a pizza ? Tully whistled softly into the mouthpiece . When Grant called , he had a proper answer . Take a gun and wait by the engine room door . that girl 's going to pee again . " Tully slammed his fist on the desk . Of course he never showed them to me . that , of course , is no particular trick , " Chuck went on . " It would be quite normal to get them out of the nose of some little boy who 's going to come to him on the scene . but it seemed to be enough , and it was enough for me , too - they paid me from the hour . A week later , one of those metal wheels reappeared . Just one . But before that , one afternoon - I was just cleaning up the lab - discovered a cage in the cage . When that one silver dollar came back , it upset Twitch so much that he stopped shaking . Next time , he used two guinea pigs from the bio - lab .
R145	one of them seemed very familiar to me , but I did n't see him for a long time , because Twitch pressed his alarm button and both guinea pigs disappeared . one of them came back about ten days later - the one that did n't look like mine - and Twitch knew that he had succeeded . Dr. Thomas , the spirit is one thing , but are you going to have to perform two surgeries over that clogged vessel ? We 're gon na fix you from the side , then we 're gon na roll you over and release the clogged arteries from the front . especially if I stop feeling like I 'm trapped in the body of an 80-year - old Janet , believe me , I totally understand how you feel . because it 's an excavation , a museum exhibit . Do n't confuse Dr. Yang 's disrespect with a sense of humor . Like the Grand Canyon . Just a little older . Oh , my God . I work permanently , I read Men 's Health , I do n't eat anything that I like , and now you 're gon na tell me I 'm gon na die ? The tumor will be hard to cut , but not impossible . Rob , you work in security , right ? I 'm gon na watch your back . You know what ? These instruments must meet the requirements given in Table 8 :
R146	just the business of two like - minded people . It 's one million dollars this company is bankrupt . Tell him . Why ? You 're a businessman . We 're family here . we 'll try to help . you 'll have to familiarize yourself with special conditions in China . * European Commission - European Judicial Network - Bankruptcy - Luxembourg THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 30 - 06 - 2006 Bankruptcy - Luxembourg TABLE OF CONTENTS What are the different types of insolvency proceedings and their objectives 1 . ( a ) the definition of insolvency 1.b ) The guards , who were doing their rounds at the top of the walls , gave her a brief , cursory glance , and let her out of her mind again . Those who stood at the main gate looked at her , but they made no move to bother her in any way , leaving it on the doorman . the door - to - door knocked open the doorway door . Iridal could barely hear him through the roaring of blood in her ears . her heart was beating .
R147	but the indifferent answer from the doorman , and the obvious lack of interest in the sight he measured it , gave her courage . the illusion seemed to work . he saw the elf girl with the delicate features , the almond eyes and the porcelain white skin . " I would like to go to the palace , " said Iridal softly , hoping that the signs of her fear would be considered a girl 's confusion . Check formatting consistency select all similar formatting Set text consistently with the rest of the text selects the paragraph number . Increases the paragraph spacing by 6 points . Decreases the gaps between the paragraphs by 6 points . using the line - to - line selection . Updates the word count statistics for the active document . Displays statistics on the word count in the active document . Returns the document with changes . Hari shrugged . " It must be important , Grandfather . " " Yes , yes ! Sure . Thank you . Good night . Good evening . Mr. Kipps . I have a room booked until Sunday . I 'm sorry , there 's no reservation . my office asked for it telegraphically . Good evening . I was just telling Mr. Kipps that we do n't have any spare rooms . while it 's raining , no . There 's got to be something . At least for today . No .
R148	Well , your dad had better eyes than I did , and then I had both of them ! We both thought that the dog had fallen in battle with the treacherous Moidart , but he rushed in and flew into the frightened wolves . Grymauch paused , lost in memories . Kaelin did not urge him . the warrior sighed . then he started out into the woods , and the dog headed up the hill toward us . He followed the trail , you know , and he wanted to get to Lanovar . I saw him stumble twice , but he kept going , only slower . Coulson needs backup , plus you had a session . I 'll do it . I 'm gon na cry . not so fast . Dinner . I have Hawaiian , your favorite . I 've never had meat with my fruits together . The last meal I could choose . I just do what needs to be done . Do you remember how we met ? You 're not gon na soften me up with the good times , or how it 's your " favorite memory . " What the hell are you doing with Bobbi , Mack ? you 'll find out soon enough . If you have nothing to say , why do n't you just get out ? Come on . Dax , the charges against you are serious , but I ca n't use such an experienced soldier .
R149	This medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and reduces the amount of sugar made by the body . Your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help your body lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of type 2 diabetes . What is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can make too much sugar . In this case , sugar ( glucose ) accumulates in the blood . This results in serious health problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation . Subject : Exercise driving for heavy lorries in another EU Member State Answer from the Commission ( 2 February 2011 ) e-010525/10 ( EN ) Lambert van Nistelrooij ( PPE ) to the Commission ( 16 December 2010 ) Subject : Abuse of EU regional aid Joint answer from the Commission ( 31 January 2011 ) I 'm fine . If you do n't want to talk about it , it 's fine . The peaches are gon na go bad soon . I have a few months before I decide who to write . Show me what you got . They do n't think I killed Manuel ? No . Why did you go with him for the same job that day ?
R150	Can you trust me with your own life ? Yeah . So he 's gon na believe me when I tell you ... ... that you do n't have to look over your shoulder anymore . I took care of it . You took care of it ? You do n't have any problems anymore . Okay , where 's Megan ? Yeah . Okay . I 'm not gon na sit here and pretend I know what you 're going through ... ... or that I might start to understand your feelings . because that 's not gon na happen . but you also have to go on . I do n't know how . you do n't need to know . life just goes on on its own . There 's gon na be people who need us , and we 're gon na help them . because that 's what we do . Fred . I wanted to knock , but it did n't fit , so I did n't knock . after eating . The first phase of the experiment , went as planned . There was only one obstacle in my way . Graham , where are you with medicine ? Mom 's waiting ! The faintest eyes of my dear sister Winnie . I know , thank you . Christ ! Would you stop sneaking around like a snake ? Sorry . You 've become such an angel all of a sudden ? No idea .
R151	Colonel , there will be a lot of life here - especially when Hilda , Deety , Hazel , and Janie are compartmentalized . who 's going to take care of the kitten ? " an hour later , Dora ( her little blue light ) led us to our luxurious cabin . Hazel was carrying a kitten and a plate , I was a staff , both clothes , Hazel 's purse , and a second dish . and I was pleasantly tired , looking forward to the bed , which I would share with my wife . I 've been missing it for a long time . From my point of view , we 've missed two nights ... which is not too much for a long husband , but for a couple on their honeymoon . Territorial cooperation outside the EU stresses the need to better coordinate interventions within territorial cooperation with the external component of this cooperation , with a view to the enlargement of the EU ( Western Balkans and Turkey ) , with countries eligible for inclusion in the European Neighbourhood Policy ( ENP ) , with the Russian Federation and with countries neighbouring the outermost regions ; Increasing the consistency of Community public policies with a view to territorial cohesion considers that the objective of territorial cohesion must apply to all Community policies .
R152	Regrets the degree of mismatch between research , technological development and innovation policies and territorial cohesion and stresses that EU and national research and innovation policies need to be more aligned with the specific territory ; considers that , by analogy with the horizontal social clause provided for in the Lisbon Treaty , the territorial impact of sectoral policies is necessary to take account of the territorial impact of sectoral policies in order to enable implementing policies ; Stresses the particular impact that trans - European transport , telecommunications and energy networks have on the achievement of the territorial cohesion objective and calls on the Commission to focus on these networks ; insists in particular on the need to align the public policies of the Community in the land - sea boundaries ; are perfectly resilient . I 'm telling you , they 're animals from another planet . Yes . I bring the money . Are they here for the gentleman ? Sure . Here 's a pen . every month we go hunting for the ranch . It has a major impact on market conditions and prices through housing pricing , based on real costs and not on market values , and offers a security of housing that the private sector does not offer . A universal concept has ceased to apply in Sweden , which has abandoned the specific classification of housing as a service of general economic interest .
R153	That 's good . That 's good . What are you doing here ? I came to see you . Oh . At least I know if you break in , you do n't damage the lock . You spoke to Devonom . The problem is we do n't have them on board . Well , it 's practical to look at things we do n't have . Oh , my God , it said yes ! I can do it ! hypothetically , if you switch the monitor , transmit the signal , you can break telepathy . Brainwashing ! What happens to the Oodi ? and we have it - do it ! Mr. Jefferson , is there a way out of here ? ventilation shafts ! but I can manipulate the oxygen field from here , create separate pockets of air . little . No one 's gon na hold on to me . It 's about time . You did n't get that far , either . Why have n't you married any of them yet ? Have you had enough of them ? What does that guy want ? What are you drinking ? gin and tonic . You ca n't drink an axe here ? What am I supposed to do with you ? We could go to Lake Starnberg . What does that remind you of ? raining . It was cold .
R154	7.5 The Committee also welcomes the temporary framework for State aid measures adopted in December and mentioned in the European Economic Recovery Plan . For attention : a. a new compatible aid limit of up to EUR 500 000 over two years ; The Commission shall review the implementation and operation of the multi - annual plan at least every four years from the date of adoption of this Regulation . The Committee shall request a recommendation for the review of STECF and the Pelagic Regional Advisory Council . Amendment 15 Proposal for a regulation Article 10 - paragraph 1 a ( new ) For the purposes of Article 21(a)(i ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1198/2006 , measures for the application of Article 3(2)(c ) of this Regulation shall be considered as a recovery plan within the meaning of Article 5 of Regulation ( EC ) No 2371/2002 . Our people soon left us , recalling us only as beings of the old land , as things that did not come to them in the new world . We were doing that , struggling , on the edge of society , where no one cared much about us . the old gods here , here in this new land without gods . " said Wednesday . his eyes scanned his listeners , serious and statesmanship . they stared at him , their faces like opaque masks . When did you realize he was using your money to pay off his debts ?
R155	I can understand if he does n't like his wife , or he 's not happy at home . but why , if he loves his wife , if he 's glad he married her ... ... and never wants to be married to someone else ? Why , Ed ? There 's a lot of reasons . a manifestation of hidden insecurity . can not get better than mine . Because she 's here . Listen , it 's your time . 15 minutes is n't much . When the cigarette burns out , time 's up . How old are you ? But what 's your real name ? Remember when you got into my cab ? You got in , and that guy Matthew came in ... ... and he wanted you to get out . I 'd only like to keep a couple of tenants and throw out all the others . Leave it to the bums . You just leave it to these bums they are , again , clean people , clean people . The bums are clean people ? The purest people you can recognize , because ... I mean , their arse 's messed up , but their dick 's as clean as a baby 's breath . Yeah . The bums ' dicks are cleaner than the chirugic scalpel . I mean , they 're ... that they did , you know ...
R156	he was tall , slender , with a dark complexion and a long , sad face of a formidable cocker spaniel . Is Alan there ? Actually , no . I have n't seen him all day . I was hoping to talk to him . you ca n't talk to a person who 's not here . unless you draw a mustache on the mirror . See you . everything okay in the office ? is n't it ? He asked me to give you this . Congratulations , conductor Alan . Oh , my God ! Thank you ! around town , they say he goes with everyone . What ? From who ? by His Majesty . Why ? Business ? Business ? ! for what do you think of me ? The Butcher 's son ? ! As you see , my lord , I did not issue these orders . This is everything that stays out of life ? I must see to it that these jewels return to his miserable missus . William died in his home in Warwickshire , which is a long way from here , and , God willing , the disease will continue to spread . However , checks on the crew and passengers in such ships may be carried out on the basis of an assessment of the risk relating to internal security and illegal immigration .
R157	However , Member States have already implemented provisions that have resulted in the " Health Check of the CAP " and have improved and introduced new instruments for the Member States [ 52 ] to enable them to cope with the potential problems in the sectors audited linked to the decoupling of production support . The same applies to the evaluation of CAP measures in the sheepmeat and goatmeat sector published in November 2011[53 ] . Out ! Out ! What do you want from me , priest ? Get out of my life ! Go away ! Go ! What 's up , rascal ? It 's been a long night , has n't it ? What do you want from me now ? Confess me ! You want me to confess you ? You already told me your sins last night . Jane , my dear , I am so agitated that I can not hold the pen in my hand ; you will write for me , I will dictate to you . and she gave in to the details of the cartridge , the muslin , and the battery , and she would have made a great deal of it in her letter if Jane had done it with great difficulty - she had persuaded her to wait until she had a chance to consult her father . In addition , there were other intentions in her mind .
R158	and I can drop by Lady Lucas and Mrs. Lon - ga on the way back . Kitty , get down there and call me a carriage . Dude , a robot fight ! Yeah , and Barry wants you to know that ... - I heard ! or somewhere else where it snows and ca n't track us ! It does n't even make sense . You know what does n't make sense ? ! No ! - ... does n't exist , to hear . Hey , honey . I ... - I told you . I told you not to try to kill Sterling , and what did you do ? ! Uh - huh . but I did what you asked . Archer ? Please . No , do n't . He 'll be released in two months . Prudhomme shook his head in disgust . the misuse of Interpol , manipulated by police , corruption in the Sureté , official declarations of state institutions based on deceptive lies . Why ? I 'm good , but next to him ... Leave your toys where they belong , and I 'll consider us even . Toys ? Relax . There are children here . Do you think any of what Ock said is true ? You 're the one with the spider sense , kid . That 's what we do . And I want you to know , Mr. Osborne , that I 'll keep an eye on you .
R159	You look exactly like all Sweeney , dirty and ugly . we 'll remember old times . My trouble is that she has never accepted my invitation , I bid you farewell . Good - bye . I 'm surprised by your acquaintances . He 's not my boyfriend . On the contrary . I had a meeting with his brother once . What happened ? Oh . I 'm gon na go to bed . but I want to . Thank you . I 'll sit at the table . You 're going to say goodbye to Nick Nightingale . Nothing , it was fun . Hey , Bill . You guys done ? You live here ? are you married ? nine years . I have a family in Seattle . Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market ( Trade Marks and Designs ) , DeguDent GmbH Court of Justice of the European Union ( Seventh Chamber ) by order of 5 February 2015 , dismissed the appeal and ordered the appellant to pay the costs . EN Official Journal of the European Union C 96/2 Request for a preliminary ruling from the Verwaltungsgericht Berlin ( Germany ) lodged on 16 December 2014 - lawyer Sandra Bitter as administrator of the insolvency of Ziegelwerk Höxter GmbH v Federal Republic of Germany ( Case C-580/14 ) He owed me some explanation . I 'm not sure . I 'm guessing Mac started doing business for purely romantic reasons .
R160	You want to fuck your friend ? How are you ? And you , all right ? Who 's gon na take care of me ? Anna Marie is here . You 're dating her ? Never with the babysitters . Chief ? When the Lord is at my right hand , I shall not move . Sonny ! Yes , Detective ? Calvin 's fine . Save me ! All NS-5 , report for maintenance and preservation . All NS-5 , report for maintenance and preservation . All NS-5 , report for maintenance and preservation . I 'm worried about one thing . She did n't want the police snooping around . That 's true . But Viki did n't kill the old man . Do n't you , Sonny ? Do you know what time it is ? No 966/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 October 2012 on the financial rules applicable to the general budget of the Union and repealing Council Regulation ( EC , Euratom ) Change all text in text to small text To duplicate the current slide , press CTRL+D. To show or hide guides , press ALT+F9 . Indent the paragraph level by pressing ALT+SHIFT+LEFT ARROW . To use a superscript , select the text and press CTRL+PLUS . To use a subscript , select the text and press CTRL+EQUAL . In standard view , you can display a text outline of the slide or graphical slide slide show in the left pane .
R161	blank presentation She crashed into the inner side of the building . But it 's near the communications lab . I agree . It still has to be connected . Look , Camile , I spoke to our intelligence people , and everyone agreed that there was no way that a single freighter could try to attack Earth Command without packing a little extra . like what ? Lieutenant Johansen , this is Senator Michaels . We 're doing it around the ship . He 's here to ... I 'm here to assess the potential and long - term feasibility of this mission . the privateer , almost a foot taller than the blood - drenched Drenai , gave the first blow , a vibrating right hook that shattered Druss 's skin above his left eye . Druss leaned into the wound and struck the man in the ribs . a privateer grunted , and the left hook slammed Druss into the jaw , until the Drenai stumbled , and then he pounded him from the left and right . Druss held the wounds , and the corsair slammed over his hand with the right hand that turned his opponent . the next blow struck him again , knocking him to his knees . He stepped back and kicked savagely , until the privateer almost lifted the corsair from the deck . then he decided to compromise , and he just stood there like a stuffed dummy .
R162	Edith , hi . This is ridiculous . I 've been calling every week for two months . I was looking forward to every call . I did n't catch her again ? He 's asleep . European COMMISSION - PRESS RELEASE Digital Agenda : only two internet social networks protect personal data on the profiles of minors according to their choice Brussels , 21 June 2011 . A positive predictive value of 50 % ( 52/104 ; Study 1 ) was observed for HCV / HIV co - infected patients receiving bitherapy . of course not . so you know something about security . most of them are now relying on detention . Yes , forget about keeping the criminals out . we 're holding them inside now . according to the parquet floor that was in the photograph . There 's no mistaking it . Simple ? with a new mansion in Manhattan for $ 47 million . that is undoubtedly an admirable way of life . Why do some media refer to Opus Dei as " the Mafia of God " ? Subject : Better use of bio - waste Answer from the Commission ( 15 February 2011 ) and the real Horton licked it , so there 's his DNA . So I just need to get a DNA sample from the fake Horton and cross - reference it , right ? It was Dr. Grazier , by the way . a colleague I used to work with in 2144 .
R163	Yeah . I do n't remember what it was , I 'm sorry . What are you doing ? I 'm sorry , I did n't realize that . that will say that the Brothers of Awareness are a new player , and our Sadiki is his supervisor . Do you have it ? We have an exclusive report about a massive eploid in the Turkish Incirlium ... Oh , there they are ! He does n't have any money , does he ? We either destroy the Navajeros or we can leave immediately . It 's up to us to solve the problem . It would take a single hit ... ... if only the marshal could do his job ! || 0 Actions under Article 7(4 ) of the EGF Regulation 1 . || Preparatory activities || - " Respect the war ' Because someone , perhaps a great warrior ! ' but the time flies before your dreams come true , your hair is gray and by that time , your parents and friends will die or leave you Go home , you can go out in the morning in the last few days you 've learned a lot it was a good experience . Please , sir ! Definitely take it . Please ! but ... Do it ! children are often more willing than adults we treated him like a grown - up anyway . so , let 's consider him one of us
R164	Awkward ! You go ! Are you with me ? Are you with me ? and what does that mean , yes ? Well . Grab your uniforms and weapons and prepare for training . Now , men , now watch Will , and do exactly as he does . Very good ! All right ! For the purposes of Article 22(1)(c ) of Regulation ( EC ) Life or death . What 's it gon na be ? Stop the bombs . That 's good , but I ca n't . No one can be in two places at the same time . It 's crazy . No . It 's a test . A test that I take deadly seriously . Now we know the answer . we can stop it . No . we have to be absolutely sure . Come quickly ! I 'll see you soon , dear . Come out ! I wo n't tell anyone . You heard me on the phone . I did n't say anything . No one will know . Police , roadside inspection . Your papers , please . Is that you , Mellie ? I 'm a moron , too . I forgot something in the car that I might need . Oh , like what ? Your boyfriend does n't wear her ring ? That 's what they 're playing . Hey . You have a picture of me . Essentially . as a family ? Essentially .
R165	Therefore , routine volume replacement should be performed in such patients . Reporting of suspected adverse reactions Reporting suspected adverse reactions after authorisation of the medicinal product is important . Healthcare professionals are asked to report any suspected adverse reactions via the national reporting system listed in Appendix V. They say Philip is a great general , but Alexander ... ... is simply bigger . If you insult me again , I will kill you . He 's turning himself into a 13-year - old . attalosi . I hope the prince is having such a good time as our regent . is very tired . Pauzanias , escort the rest of the guard . Without a guard , Your Highness ? You can always trust this man , Alexander . Take him as if he were me , and he will guard you . Let the Greeks see for themselves that I am safely among my people . Then they can call me a tyrant . The main guard walks in after my arrival . Cleitus , make sure the wine flows through the current all day . I 'd rather go with you . Mildred , the pregnancy . Everyone knows she cheated on you . You got the enemy , Charlie . You think it was personal ? personal ? Maybe . He also thought you were Jewish . I never questioned that much . Mostly because of Syd . is half Jewish .
R166	First and foremost , the establishment of a Single Supervisory Mechanism ( SSM ) , which must subsequently be complemented by a Single Resolution Mechanism ( see Section 3.2.1 ) . The Single Supervisory Mechanism must ensure full sharing of information on banks between supervisory authorities , common preventive instruments and common measures to address the problems at the earliest possible stage . In order to restore confidence between banks , investors and national public authorities , the mechanism must also allow supervision to be carried out strictly and objectively without any regulatory leniency . On 12 September 2012 , the Commission presented legislative proposals to establish a Single Supervisory Mechanism ( SSM ) consisting of the ECB and national supervisors[11 ] and to amend the 2010 Regulation establishing the European Banking Authority , which is designed to adapt the Single Supervisory Mechanism ( SSM ) and to strike a balance in its decision - making structures between euro - area and Member States ' Member States[12 ] . On the basis of the Single Supervisory Mechanism as proposed by the Commission , the transfer of specific key supervisory tasks to the European level , both from banks located in the euro area Member States , and from banks based in Member States that do not belong to the euro area , but which decide to enter into the banking union , is based on the basis of the Single Supervisory Mechanism as proposed by the Commission .
R167	Under this new framework , the ECB will be responsible for supervising all banks in the banking union on which it will apply a single set of rules applicable across the single market . The framework proposed by the Commission ensures effective and consistent supervision in all Member States participating in it , relying on the specific knowledge of national supervisory authorities . It is of the utmost importance that the SSM negotiations are finalised before the end of the year and start in early 2013 . In addition to the new framework for the supervision of banks , the European Banking Authority will be adapted to ensure the integrity of the Single Market . The above will lay the basis for the use of the European Stability Mechanism as a public insurance policy - once an agreement has been reached on this instrument , this mechanism will , where appropriate , serve the direct recapitalisation of banks in line with the conclusions of the European Council of 19 October 2012 . This will help to break negative feedback between banks and countries , thereby further strengthening the euro area . Depositors ' and market participants ' confidence is crucial in resolving banks ' problems . There is a need for a credible single resolution system and a strong financial insurance policy to achieve a level of confidence that is comparable to the authorities that are the best - performing authorities in resolving banks ' problems in the world .
R168	as one of those perfect girls that everything is working out for . I 'm not a robot . Says the guy who has all the time in the world . I just ... Blue 16 ! then she crossed the room and took the mage 's hand . The lads will think what , and - well , in any case , if you do that , I 'll personally break every bone ! ' ' I wo n't have time for that , ' said Rincewind , ' especially if you help me find my hat and all . but I 'll tell you right now I do n't know what you see in him , " he added stiffly . " He 's nice and nice . I meet so few nice and nice people . " ' Well , I - ' " So what ? you 're not afraid of him , are you ? " " Yeah , but what if he talks to me ? " The Director - General of Eurostat shall be the Authorising Officer for the implementation of the appropriations allocated to Eurostat . Article 8 Main Statistics 1 . ( 99 ) For greater clarity , water transport includes lakes and rivers . but you want to hurt your daughter ? I 'm so sorry . Honey , I 'm so sorry . You lied . Okay . Eric , you 're a religious man , I know that .
R169	I 'm not abandoning this room without my daughter . Eric , will you let Anna go ? Anna 's here because she wants to be here . of course she 's not here because she wants to be here . Monip ! Section II 1 . The cooperating exporting producer argued , as a preliminary point , that past submissions from the GOP provided a reasoned legal analysis showing that the schemes should not be considered as ' prohibited' subsidies . it was further argued that the GOP submitted the correct legal analysis . || - Light air - cured tobacco There shall be no accommodation or equipment needed for the safety or operation of the vessel in front of the collision bulkhead . What do you have to do for the Youth in Action project ? .............................................................. 119 Yeah . Yeah , yeah . That 's good . How did this happen ? I trusted him . I suggest you call your lawyer immediately . Looks like your name 's on all of them . Thank you . Where are we ? and which way to go home ? which way is the Joliba River in Timbuktu ? This way , but it 's gon na take a lot of months to get to Imbuktu . You 're gon na take me there one day to say a prayer . Now show me the way home . Take off your blindfold . Dad ? Find your way home , Aminata .
R170	I heard you coming . It 's the baby - sitter . o 10 . Deal . and if I may beg ... Can you wear a mask before you cut me ? You have too much phlegm . And now Big Uncle is gon na make you ... a beautiful chick . Go downstairs . It 's not safe . Just once , please . What if something happens ? I 'm gon na hurt . I can die . Hey , Luke , good of you to join us . Hey , Luke , I thought you were n't coming . Yeah , I heard you were leaving right after the festival , so ... I 'll see you later , Liz . At the conclusion of the negotiations , a new Protocol was initialled on 10 May 2012 . Hi . Hi . He 's waiting for you . My mom would like to invite you to dinner tonight . I ca n't ... I 'm really sorry . I 'm fine . What 's going on ? Nothing . Then I 'll go back to work . Shuhei ! What if I died anyway ? What do you want to hear from me ? Come on , answer . and then what ? but what if I did ? What would you do ? What do you think I 'd do ? If there was someone at that table , I would n't sit there .
R171	You know what I 'm trying to say ? This is the essence of law , the law of law . Which is fine until the moment it looks like you 've maneuvered it into a situation where you do n't have a choice . Yes . This Vasquez , he 's gon na be fine , but do n't give him more than you have to . and the fact that all these people saw him crossing the border speaks in your favor . Drop the gun ! Let him go ! Put it down ! the verification found that the Annex to Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 902/2010 ( 3 ) contains an error . Regulation ( EU ) No 902/2010 should therefore be amended . In particular , it requires the principles of impartiality , reliability , objectivity , scientific independence , accuracy , cost - effectiveness and statistical confidentiality to be respected . The necessary protection of the confidentiality of commercial data must be ensured , among other means , by appropriate pooling of products , taking into account the obligations under the International Convention on Access to Information , Public Participation in Decision - making and Access to Justice in Environmental Matters of the United Nations ( UNECE ) of 25 June 1998 ( the Aarhus Convention ) .
R172	In particular , the Commission should be empowered to determine the quality criteria , the adoption of specific definitions and the adaptation of the Annexes . I put it in your mailbox right away . and his eyes were wild ? He was roasted . I really did ! Everyone who comes here wants to see us ... ... if we ca n't announce their crazy friends . Like me , now I 'm missing my sister . I lost her . And I lost her when Richie Havens played . She gave me her ticket home . and I have n't seen her since . He 's fine . Of course it is . but I want to find her to get home in time . He has to be back on Monday for trial . City McGee ... ... please come to the right immediately . This condition is therefore not respected . Annex B is amended as follows : ( a ) Part B.2 Module SD ( Production Quality Management System ) is amended as follows : What do you mean ? What are you gon na do with this experience ? It 's good for you . like me , Sherrod . Oh , my sister , it 's all in there . What good would any of it do to print it in the newspapers ? People will read it , they 'll think about it . maybe he sees things differently . I do n't know , man .
R173	Listen , Rupert , you 're gon na release it if you want , but your office is gon na hurt it for letting it happen at all . A better move is to put an end to this thing quietly , and then , with those who are responsible , get it off the books . We 're gon na bury these guys so low , no one 's ever gon na get a chance to dig them up . Do you agree , Director ? Well , it 's a little problematic for me . The offenders are from my office , are n't they ? Yes ! In three days , I 'm going to marry an old monster . Go away , if you wish . Let me go . It 's dawn . It 'll be better if we go . Let me go . I wo n't if you do n't leave with me . Release me ! Hsiao - tsing ! Let 's just dream about that . You just want my money . I 've seen people like you before . As from 1 January 1999 , the start of efficiency of the Economic and Monetary Union ( EMU ) , the euro will become a separate currency and exchange rates between the euro and the participating national currencies will be irrevocably fixed , i.e. the risk of subsequent exchange differences related to these currencies will be eliminated from that date onwards .
R174	The blood bank is flooded , and the E.R. looks like it 's been raided . but can we do it ? You 're the advice . I 'm telling you , we ca n't open the emergency room tonight . I can try to coordinate with our suppliers . Oh , I had a baby . Language of the case : French An action against the Council of the European Union was brought before the Court of First Instance of the European Communities on 18 May 2005 by José María Perez Santander , residing in Ixelles ( Belgium ) , represented by Georges Vandersanden and Laure Levi , lawyers . Finland shall receive the State aid referred to in Article 2 from the beneficiary . Yes , of course . Did you make contact ? To return to the same moment we left the 23rd century , I calculated the time that elapsed in relation to the acceleration curve . Sampling , MET , IT In view of the large number of exporting producers , Community producers and importers involved in the investigation , sampling was envisaged in the notice of initiation , in accordance with Article 17 of the basic Regulation .
R175	Let 's see if you can fight like a man ! Then you should have stayed home . Let it go . canvas , canvas and wood . Do n't play with matches . Damn it ! I 'm indebted to you . Hull Barret , my name . Are you from around here ? There are two rooms in my cabin . People . Let 's do it again . The roof . they 're closing it now . Welcomes the transmission of the annual report to the discharge authority for internal audit , but regrets that , despite the request referred to in paragraph 15 of its decision of 12 April 2005 ( 9 ) , the one - page report does not provide a clear picture of the current control environment ; I said , calm down , kid , sit down . Did n't you know what he said to the captain ? He leaves everything on his officer . Are you sure it 's Kirk ? Definitely . So why does he have a lieutenant 's stripes ? A rusty old man I guess we 'll have a bigger problem than a mix - up . the trash . and half the quadrant knows about it . Mr. Scott ? Young man , did n't you want to say it a little differently ? I did . How should we know ? Come with me . This way ! Inside !
R176	lunch 's ready . and what 's to eat ? fried insects and boiled snake . Wow ! If you do n't eat , your skin will get worse and you wo n't be beautiful anymore . You 'll be immortal ! think of your mommy . Think about it when we died . The doctors call it the notion of life . Well , it 's better than the statue . I was alert . Your children died . I remember . I remember the silence in the house . I thought I had to be strong . for me . A sustained haemoglobin level of greater than 12 g / dl ( 7.45 mmol / l ) should be avoided ; guidance for appropriate dose adjustment for when haemoglobin values exceeding 12 g / dl ( 7.45 mmol / l ) are observed are described below . If , after 4 weeks of therapy , the haemoglobin value has increased by at least 1 g / dl ( 0.62 mmol / l ) , the current dose should be continued . If the haemoglobin level has not increased by at least 1 g / dl ( 0.62 mmol / l ) a doubling of the weekly dose to 40,000 IU should be considered . If the haemoglobin increase is insufficient after an additional 4 weeks of therapy an increase of the weekly dose to 60,000 IU should be considered . what 's the point of talking to you
R177	I 'll take it from my dad Okay , let me go first . The boss ... came too fast and just got Xiao Kage I ... Enough yes He 's here How many men does he have with him ? none , only him and Xiao Kai Master Qiu , thank you for bringing him I admire your courage to come alone Xiao Kai is still young and leaning on Master Yu If I used too much power , please forgive me The justification for that right from the point of view of Community law does not preclude the fact that , in particular , the rate of the tax in question lays down national exceptions and not the Sixth Directive itself . No , it 's my decision . The internship is your ticket to medical school . I know , but I 'm getting into freshman year , and I have four years to get that ticket again . so it has nothing to do with David ? No . What happened , princess ? We used to talk . This does n't make sense . Maybe I really want more time with David . Princess ... You must have felt it , too . to your mom ? when things got serious between us . - But I 'm not there .
R178	The role and responsibilities in the fight against corruption by two other anti - corruption institutions are overlapping , reducing their effectiveness in these efforts . The Law on the Financing of Political Parties does not prohibit donations from legal entities which simultaneously supply goods and services to the public administration . Under the current legislative and institutional situation , Kosovo 's capacity for effectively fighting organised crime and corruption remains limited , which may have serious consequences for the EU 's internal security . Terrorism , the origin of which is in Kosovo , appears to be a lesser threat to EU internal security than organised crime and corruption . - Red waste Free - Other - - Garnetted material Free - - Other Free Cotton , carded or combed Free Cotton sewing thread , whether or not put up for retail sale - Not put up for retail sale - - Containing 85 % or more by weight of cotton - - Other - prepared for retail sale Cotton yarn ( other than sewing thread ) , containing 85 % or more by weight of cotton Other , not put up for retail sale - Single yarn , of uncombed fibres - - Measuring 714,29 decitex or more ( not exceeding 14 metric number ) place of work Luxembourg . I 'd like a beer now . No , I want you to tell me what you know . Your job is over , Kurt .
R179	I 'm not gon na send those bodies back until we know what we 're dealing with here in Sweden You understand ? Okay . Keep the bodies . No one is grieving for these men . Yeah , Wallander . I have some information about the dead men on the lifeboat . I 'll be on the eastern waterfront of Simirishamn . an hour and a half . keep it a secret . || + + Promote innovation in plant breeding , in particular in small and medium - sized enterprises , so that users of plant reproductive material have a better choice and better access to a large number of plant varieties adapted to European conditions My team will destroy any five that you can put together right now ! they all tried to catch their gaze . He considered the challenge and its disadvantages and disadvantages . At the same time , he was aware that by selecting four players , he would annoy everyone who did n't . Besides , the players who originally were supposed to play with the winners would be pissed off now , not at Warren , who was protected in his position against such emotions , but on Jack . when he considered it all , he decided it was not worth it . But if the wealth changes that , I 'm all for it .
R180	The new head of Stark Industries , congratulations . I know , I know . Good job . Thank you . So how 's it going , huh ? everything that Tony and I ... were doing , it was within ... Natalie , Natalie . with Tony , we just ... do n't compete with each other . PANDEMIC INFLUENZA VACCINE H5N1 BAXTER is a vaccine used in people aged over 6 months . A pandemic flu is a type of influenza that occurs every few decades and spreads rapidly , affecting most countries and regions of the world . The vaccine helps the body to make your own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . but there were two things that made Harry a little more comfortable . For one thing , it was almost a weekend , and second , however gruesome the thought of the finals at Umbridge 's finals , he could see the Quidditch field from her window , and if he was lucky , he might see Ron . it was faint rays of light , but Harry was thankful for anything that could spark the darkness ; the first week of Hogwarts had never been so bad . at five o'clock in the evening he knocked , hoping it was the last time , at the door of Professor Umbridge 's cabinet , and was asked to enter .
R181	a piece of parchment , and the black pen was already waiting for him on the shimmering table . ' You know what to do , Mr Potter , ' said Professor Umbridge sweetly . Harry picked up the pen and winked at the window . like SIRTURO to store Keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . The expiry date refers to the last day of that month . Store SIRTURO in the original package in order to protect from light . Ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . These measures will help protect the environment . better than I thought . She was convincing . Meg . Something to remember her . and she explained everything . Everything ? Oh , yes , backwards . An empty tire , a dog . A Brazilian taxi diver with a pregnant daughter ... who lost her wallet . And the only thing I can say in my defense is ... which I have no defense . I leapt to conclusions and thought the worst . where is this old traffic cage going to ? Will you take me ever to get there ? The Authority shall take into account the outcome of a peer review when developing draft regulatory or implementing technical standards in accordance with Articles 10 to 15 . maintenance of landscapes and traditional buildings , Article 6 :
R182	The budget envisages a significant increase in public investment and continues to be fully affected by automatic stabilisers , which , given the generous adjustment rules , will lead to a significant increase in social transfers . At the same time , the budget includes a nominal wage freeze in the public sector - total compensation for employees in the public sector should increase by less than 1 % in 2010 - a nominal reduction in other current expenditures and an increase in excise duty for cigarettes and heating oil . It should be borne in mind that the budget was based on prudent macroeconomic assumptions . Real growth was projected to reach 1.2 % , although recent information suggests that its pace is likely to exceed 2 % , and inflation was projected to reach 1 % . This could lead to positive surprising developments on the revenue side in 2010 . In a letter of 7 January 2010 , the Minister of Finance Rostowski presented the 2010 - 2012 fiscal consolidation plan to Commissioner Almlica . Among the main measures notified was the gradual increase in the retirement age to 67 and compensation for men and women , the inclusion of uniformed services in the general social security system , the extension of the tax base ( some specific professions will have to use cash registers ) and , in addition , the acceleration of privatisations from 2010[6 ] .
R183	The success of the Polish authorities ' strategy will therefore require a very rigorous budget implementation in 2010 to ensure strict compliance with expenditure targets and to ensure that all windfall revenues are used to reduce the deficit - and consolidation efforts in the 2011 and 2012 budgets , which will have to be much higher than currently planned . the recommended dose for adults and adolescents from 12 years of age is 2 g ( grams ) . it 'll give me time to get as many tenants as possible . And , here 's the old soft one . I 'm just kidding , I 'm impressed , impressed . that 's a big step forward . Because if you do , I want my money fast . Easy , easy , I 'll get them very fast . I 've packed my bags . More Urban Development The aim of urban development policy is to promote sustainable investment , growth and employment in European urban areas . The new regulations in the area of cohesion policy provide the tools that make it possible to increase the representation of the urban topics in the next generation of programmes . In practical terms , this means creating the conditions for long - term economic development whilst ensuring due respect for the environment . More Technical assistance Territorial Cohesion Trans - European Networks ( TENs ) Transnational cooperation Transport Technical assistance Technical assistance is available to help stakeholders implement Commission - funded programmes and projects .
R184	19 In that regard , the Court observes that , under Article 43(1 ) of Regulation No 207/2009 , the applicant may at any time withdraw the Community trade mark application or restrict the list of goods or services contained therein . The quantities available for the relevant Union import tariff quotas for poultry and pigmeat should therefore be adjusted . Regulations ( EC ) No 533/2007 , ( EC ) No 536/2007 and ( EC ) No 442/2009 should therefore be amended accordingly . Address : 3.2.4.2 . Street and number / PO box : ... 3.2.4.2 . This morning , for the first time in many years , he forgot his morning prayers . how she must be tired and weak , Dr. Moudi thought . the two nuns began to wander as the plane settled to the ground . It was followed by the usual rattling and bouncing as the aircraft slowed . The sound , similar to the way the water was moving , told him that Jean Baptiste had actually bled , as he had expected . so at least he got her here alive . her eyes were open , looking at nothing like the eyes of an infant , staring at the ceiling of the cabin . Maria Magdalena looked out the window for a moment , but all she could see was the airport , and they looked the same in the world , especially at night .
R185	his fingertips were swept away . The flight crew had their orders - and the orders were repeated to them often enough . while the patient was safely stored in a truck , Moudi and Maria Magdalena descended the stairs as well . Annex V of Annex III of Directive 2011/65/EU is hereby inserted in the following point 4(g ) : mercury in artisanal luminous tubes used for marking , decorative or architectural and special illumination and artistic works , with the mercury content limited to : ( a ) 20 mg per pair of electrode + 0,3 mg per cm of tube length , but not more than 80 mg in outdoor applications and in the inner areas exposed to temperatures below 20 ° C ; ( b ) 15 mg for a few electrodes + 0,24 mg per cm of tube length but not more than 80 mg for all other indoor uses . Expires on 31 December 2018' No , it 's okay . Thank you . We 've been to all the bars of the city , but no one 's seen him . Okay , thanks , Ingrid . We 'll get started in the morning . Excuse me . Excuse me . Why not ? Because then I would n't be an independent investigator . So , you think it 's a mammoth tooth ? I do n't know yet . Read the package leaflet before use . before Dad comes , we 'll find them together .
R186	Okay . he just ran into the right - hand lane . Alert 211 . are insured . he gets 100 percent from the insurance company . he 's a player . maybe buy the bonds from us ... for 60 percent of the value . so besides 100 percent , you get 40 more . The reporters had helicopters . Someone said to the Guardian " Slick . " Item 1 4 0 8 - Entitlements in connection with entering the service , transfer and leaving the service and other expenditure on services for staff during their career notes Items 2013 Performance 2012 ' And right now I want to make cheese , ' said Tiffany , stiffly . " Go home . " " This farm belongs to my father ! " he said , and then realized he had said it aloud . said two inconspicuous but incredibly loud clicks as Tiffany put down her butter puffs and turned . ' All right , ' said Tiffany . " I 'm making cheese today . I could do something else tomorrow . and maybe I wo n't be here in the meantime , and you 'll think : where is he ? but a certain part of me will be here all the time . I 'll always think about this place . I 'll keep an eye on him . and I 'll come back ! Hold him ! O'Rourke , you better get somebody else in the chair !
R187	Calculating time - takeoff positions . These launches are based on the Society of Historical Authenticity . You sure about that ? No doubt , sir . Ryan , take Jeffers , get a team together , and find out what 's going on . You got it . Travis , start rearrest now . Yes , sir . We lost him . the heavy rope in the loops plunged into the sea floor , stirring up a column of sludge that flowed like smoke with a slow stream . Thibor saw the spacecraft in one piece for the first time . || Article 39 , [ Article 50(a ) ] , [ 51(a ) ] Article 134 || [ Article 50(a ) ] A double knife , a mega clips , soap bubbles , a music box , and then it 's just getting thick ... fun ! Any chance that there 's something to cut out your tongue ? No , but this is your specialty ? Uh , no , I mean , I did n't realize you were actually ... alive ! Hold on , ma que fa , stupido ! What do you think you 're doing to scare my customers like that ? ... not that I have so many ... In certain cases , the judge is bound by the written evidence if it is not contested by the other party .
R188	d ) Are certain conditions compulsory in order to provide the proof of certain facts ? On the other hand , the evidence ( accident , etc . ) is discretionary . a ) Are witnesses obliged by law to testify ? Every person is obliged to cooperate in legal proceedings with a view to discovering the truth . b ) Under what circumstances may a witness refuse to testify ? In addition , the witness may refuse to testify in a selective manner if he can prove just impediment ( impossibility of travel , illness , and professional reasons ) . The judge will assess whether this impediment is justified . c ) Can a person who refuses to testify be compelled so to do or be punished ? Because I did , I did n't think he was gon na find a potential boyfriend . I should be pissed , right ? You have to ask her . Here he is . He sent you ? But I hate you . Aaron , it 's been years . Oh , good morning , Aaron . I 'm wasting my time . Great , but I think you know I 'm not a fan , Barbara . I think we can change anything you 've been displeased with . I mean , I 'm sorry . Why ? And that 's how it went down . but the ambition ! One more coffee ? No , I have to go . Close behind me .
R189	listen , Walter , I do n't want to disappoint you , and it 's not sure yet , but maybe they 'll cancel the money for the insurance . I wanted you to know that . You think you can handle that ? Yeah , we 're good . with my savings and Sam 's disability pension , we can handle it . This also applies to information which is ' particularly of a susceptible nature' , such as health information . He also played medieval music with a girl named " Harpy Strua " from Colby , Kansas . No , I do n't think the shows can contain more awkward jokes that satisfy online - sponsored people , and I 'm sure everyone from TelevizeBezPitomin.com will agree with me . On Friday , he dined with an online friend from India . And every weekend , he 'd play war games with a guy named Scrooge . The soldier is wounded , and I do n't have a first - aid kit . Hang on , Big Dog ! Help is on the way . It was a shock when I saw him . Who did you see ? I do n't want to talk about it . So you were her lover ? Do you trust me , Margaret ? What do you know about men ? about temptation . I 've said enough . it happened in Cyprus . I was alone .
R190	Article 5(2 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 847/96 shall apply . Species Cod Gadus morhua Zone EC waters of Subdivisions 25 - 32 COD/3D25 . ; Yes . Me , too . I 'm so glad no one knows where I am and I do n't know anyone who can tell me all the bad things you 've ever done . I 'll tell you one . It 's horrible . If we were together for a long time , what do you think would be the first thing that would piss you off ? I 'm not gon na answer that . And so I finally said ' Hey , you know , I just do n't think you hate criticism very well . ' she went mad , and she broke up with me . That 's the whole story . All she ever really wanted was to have an excuse to tell me about what 's bothering me . You know , that 's what you want ? Are you afraid , Bobby ? when that monster came for us ... and she caught us ... we could n't even scream . You could have saved us , Bobby . You walked right past that door . The monster had us . and you did n't find us . and now they 're not gon na find you . I had a sister . the top label must be removed . It 's there , is n't it ?
R191	Where are you ? Answer me ! We know he works at Gateway . We do n't know his name , but we know he 's driving the van . start calling me names . This is Lieutenant Fisk ? the sky was dark , velvet blue , blazing with white stars . the cold wind told her loose curls , and through them she could see Stewart 's profile , looming boldly and sharply in the sky . when her mind succumbed to physical fatigue , her situation seemed once again unreal and wild . I know someone who 's trying . Kiss your ass , man . No one 's gon na end up with me . This is a hangover in the future ? Ca n't you help him ? Go after him . Explain it to him . Hey , how 's Tokyo ? I 've come up with something . Randomised patients were either randomised to receive docetaxel ( T ) 75 mg / m2 as a 1 hour infusion immediately followed by cisplatin ( Cis ) . 4.a ) " Component " means any substance , including additives , which is used in the manufacture or preparation of a foodstuff and is still present in the finished product , albeit in altered form .
R192	Interested parties providing ' Limited' information are required to furnish non - confidential summaries of it pursuant to Article 29(2 ) of the basic Regulation , which will be labelled ' For inspection by interested parties' . These summaries should be sufficiently detailed to permit a reasonable understanding of the substance of the information submitted in confidence . is a huge prize . poor Mr. Kowalski . It arrives today , around noon . Maybe he 'll find the necklace . I 'm taking a gun this time , this is a serious case . Here , Franco , you 'll like Dexidrine . He 's gon na fuck up again . Take him for a walk . I know you 're in there ! Come out ! She 's a pain in the ass . It 's great . Just enjoy it . I think another mystery guest has arrived . I 'll go get him . A cocktail ? What ? How about a pool table ? Get rid of the fuses ! I know ! That sucks . Ed ! Shaun ! No ! Yeah , in the head ! Ed , for the last time , this puke ... I fucking knew it ! Did n't I say that ? 14.9 % of the total number of animals has been used for the production and quality control of products and equipment in human medicine , veterinary medicine and dentistry .
R193	In 2005 , the most important change in 2005 is the fact that the number of animals used for research and development in human medicine , dentistry and veterinary medicine decreased sharply from 31 % to 22.8 % ( from 3 746 028 to 2 733 706 in the calculation ) remarks ) . A significant reduction of more than 800 000 cold - blooded animals since the last report in 2005 is worth mentioning . The percentage of animals used for basic biological research has , on the other hand , increased from 33 % to 38 % ( i.e. from 4 035 470 to 4 575 054 ) as well as animals used for ' other purposes' from 8 % to 12 % . It should be stressed that both basic biology and research and development in human and veterinary medicine are areas where most animals are used for experimental purposes in the EU . For more details see the Commission Staff Working Document . The number of animals used for toxicological and other safety evaluations remained practically unchanged since the last report , accounting for 8.7 % of the total number of animals used for experimental purposes in the EU . ( b ) is 1,042,153 animal(s ) .
R194	Several Member States have confirmed that this increase in the use of mice is attributed to new research options offered by transgenic species . These animal models are used for the study of human and animal health . Increased has also been reported for experiments in anatomy and developmental biology , physiology , genetics and cancer research , and for immunology and microbiology purposes . III.4 . EU results Table 3 : Toxicological and safety evaluation by product type / end use The number of animals used for toxicological and other safety evaluations for different products or environmental tests is 1 042 153 , representing 8,7 % of the total number of animals used for experimental purposes in the EU . No financial impact 3.2 . ( box 19 ) The following codes are used : no yes . Dienogest Ethinylestradiol film - coated tablet Mayra 0,03 mg/2 mg Filmtabletten 0,03 mg 2 mg film - coated tablet dienogest Ethinylestradiol Motion ratiopharm 2 mg/0,03 mg Filmtabletten 0,03 mg 2 mg film - coated tablet oral use Dienogest Ethinylestradiol Sibilla 0,03 mg/2 mg Filmtabletten EN Acts whose titles are printed in light type are those relating to day - to - day management of agricultural matters , and are generally valid for a limited period . The names of all other acts are printed in bold type and preceded by an asterisk . Mikael . Mikael , like that vampire hunter who knows how to kill Klaus ? Yeah .
R195	Hey ! No ! I 'm innocent ! His show wobbled with me . I thought for a moment that he was out of his mind , that his imagination was attacking him . but now the room was quiet . Where do you get it from ? It 's completely clean . What kind of creepy client gave it to you ? Satanist . I know , but the guy did n't have any money . He offered me human blood . He said it was good . or maybe a fresh adrenaline gland . I could feel the adrenochrome coming up . He hit me ! Thank you . Do you swear to tell the truth , nothing but the truth , so help you God ? I swear . Did you know Miss Mayella Violet Ewell ? Yes , sir . I had to walk past her house every day on my way out of the field and into the field . could you walk the other way ? No , sir . I do n't know about any other way . and I said , " No , miss . And I went home . Atticus , do you want me to go with you ? No , son , I think it 's better if I go there alone . Is Helen here ?
R196	Orders Alecansan SL to pay the costs . A pre - financing payment shall be made on the condition that the seller lodges a security equal to 5 % of the amount in question as a guarantee that the information given in the tender is correct . Second , the applicant did not have a completely free choice in deciding to sell its products on the Chinese internal market or in foreign markets , nor in determining the proportion of sales . 37 In the context of this plea , the applicant disputes , first , the interpretation of Article 2(7 ) of the basic regulation by the Commission and then by the Council . 38 Secondly , the applicant disputes the findings of the Commission and the Council which led those authorities to conclude that the conditions laid down in Article 2(7 ) of the basic regulation were not met .
R197	39 As a preliminary point , the applicant 's arguments relating to the first two elements set out in the preceding paragraph must be rejected . Since neither the Council nor the Commission has established their conclusions on those facts , they are of no relevance to them . 40 Thirdly , the applicant submits that the Community institutions failed to provide it with documents on the basis of which they subsequently refused to grant the applicant market economy status . That complaint must also be rejected since the Community institutions acted in their assessment on the basis of documents which the applicant itself sent to the Commission in its reply to Part D of the investigation questionnaire and on the basis of the documents which the Commission had learned during the verification visit . 41 In addition , it should be noted that the applicant has not specified what ' new data' is at issue and merely refers to the information contained in its own documents . In its reply , it acknowledged that ' all invoices relating to all individual transactions on the [ Chinese ] internal market were made available to the on - the - spot investigators , as well as all other information relating to accounting and production costs' .
R198	That 's what the laws of logics tell us . What now ? Come , señor , at my castle . It stands only a few miles from here . What happens if they find me ? I wo n't let them on my castle . If you would offer me the hospitality , too , señor ... ... I should be able to spend a peaceful night . If I know a señor cabalist , I know he wo n't refuse the shelter . Yes , of course . Thank you , señor . inexperienced people may go crazy from thinking about such things . A human mind is capable of understanding everything ... if it is properly used . the end of the first Look , I 'm talking about ... It 's not what you think . Jonah , she was drunk . He loves you . What are we toast to ? for your magnificent future as a filmmaker ? You 're either really parched , or you 're angry . Why did you go to Auggie ? Jonah , you were at the most important meeting of your career . Yeah , you could have texted me . I guess it was just easier to go into Auggie 's open arms . " You are not the enthusiasm of Malachite . " " Before that . " Lilith remembered . " The one who had a child with him !
R199	I should have known you ; I already made you once . " " Mym never stopped lovin ' you , you know ? And so sometimes ... well , never mind . Come in ; I know he will be glad to see you . " Orb obeyed . " The figure that . . . the one with the worms . . . ? " ( b ) The Principality of Liechtenstein ( under the Agreement on the European Economic Area ) ; ( c ) The Kingdom of Norway ( under the Agreement on the European Economic Area ) ; ( d ) The Swiss Confederation ( under the Agreement between the European Community and the Swiss Confederation on Air Transport ) If such a period is expressed in months or years , the starting point is determined in the same way , i.e. the period begins to run from the day following the date of service , notification or the relevant event that sets it in train . Are there any starting points for time limits which apply exceptionally or particularly in certain civil procedures ? The time limit expressed in days ends after the number of days of the period is added to the starting point , as described in the answer to question 5b ) .
R200	You were regrouping into a pile . You needed help . Maybe you ... clung to them too much . Get away from me . You should n't be here . That 's her . You 'll fail because of your incompetence ... or the resistance to the recommendation ... Resistance to your recommendations ? How much do you think you 've got us under your thumb ? How much do you want our help ? Giles . but there are facts that should ... motivate you and agree to the measure . No . All I want is to tell him who the ... the damn slayer is . I have plans for her . " Thank you and goodbye . " And for this , we 've worked for 40 years . They say they cancel the ballet on TV . Are you doing anything besides watching TV ? to go back to my mother . And it 's his birthday next week . I did n't want to leave these things in such a state . What happened ? Abby ? Abby ! Abby ! You 're here . Thanks for coming . When I was looking at your tape , I realized we did n't ask you a few questions . Gazebo ! it was a meaningless debate . both of them , after twenty words , knew what was going on . The Mother Superior was the first to retreat , and Bellonda never retreated .
R201	" And I want them to be handed to us in my gazebo . . . in my capricious pageant . " Sheeana laughed , and Bellonda was forced to join , but her laughter was rather sour . " She will be in plain sight , and people will say , " Look , how confident our Mother Superior is , " Sheeana said . " So you want it for the upheaval of morale ! " Bellonda had no choice but to accept any reason . Odrade glowed with satisfaction . Richard Antonio in Peru . Hello , hello , how are you ? Bad time ? Yeah , it 's not a good time . We 're not gon na keep you much . Just introduce you to the New Testament . My friend lndian here . His people have been forced to believe in the thousands . And when they refused , the thousands were murdered . And blacks ? Fuck , do n't even get me started . So we Indians and blacks , we have enough control of white people . Enough religion , politics , and shit . Fuck , that 's enough ! This is gon na be a beautiful picture . Are you dripping on your foreign carpet ? What do you think we are ? and that 's it .
R202	Deok - gu said he saw Ari crying in her class . and then she never came back to school . Are you packed ? Lexington and Madison , all of it ! Mochaccino You have to say bala bala when you do this . Bala bala bala ! You 're not eating anything . You do n't like it ? It 's Mexican food . Whatever it is , it 's good ! What about the dowry that I get for you ? I 'm gon na give it to you ? The boy gives the dowry to the bride 's family . I do n't know why , but I 'm really sleepy . Go to sleep , dear . Of course . Leave a message after the tone . Benny . I have a body in Carenco with two holes ... and I found out you went fishing . I have to tell you what it looks like ? It was n't me , Dean . Benny ? Or Roy ? Who were you hiding , Benny ? Victim number two . If you 're interested in those missed calls , I did n't want to involve you . So ... I 'm all ears . I 've never seen her . of course she 's sick . " Do you desire the Kohinoor ? " " Fresh air . "
R203	" In five minutes . " we found his body on the terrace . Do you know what that means ? Miss Harleen , you are now an international criminal . but we know the truth . Miss Harleen ... You have the opportunity ... ... to restore your old life . and the possibility is in this transmitter . What else has he told you , and it 's true ? Come with me , we ca n't stay here . 40(1)(b ) Art . Freddy 's turning the ship . " " That wo n't cost us much fuel . " " No , but I should - wait , Atropos calls . " Sinbad and Atropos will split up . Four minutes later , a pile of Group A 's waste was divided into two groups . the chimps fitted them with engines . Ramsden . Why are you wasting my time ? Doctor . Doctor . For share options that were outstanding at the end of the period , the range of exercise prices and the weighted average for the remainder of the life of the contract . If the range of the exercise prices is a large one , the outstanding option will be divided into bands that are relevant for the determination of the number and timing of additional shares that might be issued and the cash that may be made in the execution of those options .
R204	A unit shall disclose information that allows users of financial statements to understand how the fair value of the goods or services received , or the fair value of the equity instruments granted , has been determined during the period . Corsica is a special place . for me and for her . For her ? She and I are the real Noir . I could kill you , but I 'd rather we were friends . 30 - 56 x 1 - 90 tablets other For Mode 1 Unbound , except for consulting services . ( b ) advise on the implementation of the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy , including the prioritisation of Union financial assistance ; and ( c ) exchange information on control and inspection activities , including the fight against illegal , unreported and unregulated fishing . code ' ZZ' stands for ' of other origin' . However , the final decision on this point is reserved . Pursuant to the Commission Notice on a simplified procedure for treatment of certain concentrations under Council Regulation ( EC ) No 139/2004 ( 2 ) it should be noted that this case is a candidate for treatment under the procedure set out in the Notice . The Commission invites interested third parties to submit their possible observations on the proposed operation to the Commission . comments must reach the Commission not later than 10 days following the date of this publication .
R205	European Commission Directorate - General for Competition Merger Registry J-70 B-1049 Bruxelles / Brussel ( 1 ) OJ L 24 , 29.1.2004 , p. 1 . ( 2 ) OJ C 56 , 5.3.2005 , p. the legal form of property and the contents of the rights are to be judged according to the law of the State in which the property is located ( Article 31 IPRG ) . area of application of the reference standard includes , in particular , ownership , servitudes ( charges on land ) , pledge , building law , flat ownership , and rights of retention effective against third parties . The consequences of the transfer of ownership are also covered by this standard . The subsequent change of location does not affect the applicable law , because the acquisition of the right represents a concluded fact . the effects of a right are based on the law of the site in question . This connecting factor is therefore changeable . There is a special ruling for means of transport ( Article 33 IPRG ) . for legal and compulsorily justified pledges or legal rights of retention to secure claims for compensation for damage caused by the vehicle or expenditure thereon , the law of the State in which the property is located if the underlying factual circumstances have concluded is applicable .
R206	legitimate rights are assessed on the basis of lex cartae . For securities in accounting systems , special rulings of Articles 16 and 18 of the Finality Act , which implements the Finality Directive 98/26/EC , apply . The International Act on Insolvency is regulated by Part Four of the Bankruptcy Act . Two years ago , I disguised myself as a chicken . I was standing in front of Morris 's agency , handing out copies of my script . but all of this is behind you . What if you 're wrong ? Have you ever seen someone die ? I do n't know what you mean . I 've seen it . Many times . Where did you see it ? and when people are close to death when they 're lying on the ground staring up at the lights , they all have the same look . Whoever they are , they 're basically all afraid of the unsub . But you do n't have to worry . He 'll crawl away and die somewhere . I remember you said that Apache combat troops were different in size , some with a hundred warriors , some with one . that 's what I said . while we wait for Ke - Ni - Tay , I suggest we make good use of that time . Sergeant ! Yes , sir . Yes , sergeant ! step out of shape . Come with me . Corporal ! Spread the guards .
R207	Yes , sir . Guards , take your seats ! Now ! Oh , great . You 're the only one missing here . You do n't know what you 're talking about . So you lied to me ... ... and then you went to threaten the girl ? I did n't threaten her . I told her we 'd either get the meds back ... ... or I 'd call the police . It 's been a really hard day . That crazy guy who was out in the ambulance . Put the phone down and let me think ! Take this , and I 'll take this . I came home ... - Lance , come here . No . Of course not . then you have nothing to worry about . Whereas , in the context of the common transport policy , it is desirable that , for the operation of certain motor vehicles in the Community , the best possible conditions are created for both the safety and the conditions of competition between carriers in the Member States . But all of a sudden , Angel sees me . and she looked at me beautifully . back then , you put my life back together . Right ? So what ? You 're from another planet , are n't you ? No , I 'm from Miami . I have to get him to bed . a little pleasure for all the misery . Well , Patty does n't care .
R208	Patty is no average prostitute . Patty does n't care if a guy has a muscle . muscles do n't go crazy . Liberia shall establish a national committee for the control of the implementation of this Agreement , composed of representatives of the relevant governmental authorities and other relevant stakeholders . Denise . You 're waiting for Mademoiselle Romanis . is in the Paradise , indisposed . I 'm here as a messenger . He accepts your offer . but I 'd like you to reconsider it . There are feelings that are so unbearable , we 'll do whatever it takes to get rid of them . we can only entertain ourselves for a while . But something can not be purchased . ... and try to buy what can only be done freely ... ... does not provide you with relief . No . I 'm acting on my own . Conclusion O CAUSATION The above analysis demonstrated that , during the period considered , the volume of low - priced subsidised imports originating in the PRC and their market share increased substantially . Thank you , darling . from Professor Simms , the genealogist . He says , " working on a family tree like yours would be a real challenge . " we should gather his family heirlooms and records . Darling , I 've already found him a pile of materials . Well , is n't she adorable ? Oh , the old Addams barn .
R209	" He 's still alert and suspicious . " There 's something very attractive about him , too . " Maybe his helplessness touches me . I teach on course ... masturbation at the Psychiatric Institute Not that . I 'm a very respectable doctor there . Cut the satellite transmissions . Jonathan . Listen to them . Go . Go ! Holy shit ! " bravo " a joyous show and so on . I think these . Okay , young Jonathan , you 've done wonderfully well . You know what I mean , do n't you ? what symbol ? Something simple , something scary . You mean like Rachel ? I prefer to think of myself , sir . Did you tell anyone I came back ? From the dead ? You 've been gone for seven years . Actually , it was Mr. Earle . going with the company on the stock market . Dr. Crane . This way , I can win and conquer the threats to their political and military power . Dear parents , I ask you to forgive me for leaving this way , but soon we will be together again . " If they harm you , they will harm my people . " in times like this ... Mom , before I forget , the water filters in Al Moktharu are cheaper than the ones from Kanaz . Said has a bomb on his back . How 's he gon na find us now ?
R210	Fix them to wait . Saïd ! but the worst of all is to exploit people 's weaknesses and make them collaborators . They destroy not only the resistance , but also the families , the dignity of our people . I was ten years old when my father was executed . in the end , if we remember , day in and day out , our inconvenience , our weakness , We must admit that the practical concession and the false ignorance ... ... which is living in deception ... ... will shatter our entire existence if we follow them ... ... conscientiously and fully . they want me to look at a few people . Come on , man . I could play the lawyer . I do n't think Quinn 's gon na like that . He would never want me to play quarters in an action movie , but ... Yeah . Yeah , yeah , sure . I 'd drag my production company into it , and we could be working together . Yeah . but they 're talking to some people . I do n't know , I mean Amanda Peet . Christ . Yeah , thanks a lot , Mr. Hollywood .
R211	This website provides various facilities to help locate individual merger decisions , including company , case number , date and sectoral indexes , in electronic form on the EUR - Lex website under document number 32009M5385 . EUR - Lex is the on - line access to European law ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu ) . His test flight . He logged himself into history as the first man to fire a rescue pod at warp . It 'll be a nice addition to the Starfleet Museum . What went wrong ? Do you have anything to say , Lieutenant ... ? Tucker , sir . I 'm on Captain Jefferies engineering team . Excuse me , sir . He 's right . It 's a new engine . I 'm sure he has a few flies . Who 's Cyril ? That was my great - grandfather 's name . My dad 's Charles Tucker , his dad was , too , I 'm the third in a row , so three ... The trip . It 's like ... it 's like they want us to fail . I stopped trying to understand the Vulcans a long time ago . Yes . There 's ' Ethel and Teddy ' . I do , and if you do n't mind , I 'd like to use them when you get the hell out of here ! A distance . You 'd get there in that time ! That 's what I wish . Mr. Quinlan ?
R212	what we saw . ... and then-- That 's what made us meet . When you called , which was n't exactly unexpected ... ... because I had some great offers for my story ... ... that literally went ... ... from the big TV studios . I completely understand why we have to keep our meeting a secret ... until we have concluded an agreement for both parties . And I have to admit ... I 'm really enjoying that spy page of our first meeting , if I may say so . Because I think being a good investigative reporter ... is almost like being a secret agent . I do n't know why , but I thought you 'd be older ... ... running a big studio and all . Oh , dear . It 's for you . It looks great . I 'll be here every day of my life . Plus 30 years if I live that long . 33 samples were found to be irradiated . Three of the irradiated samples ( food supplements ) were appropriately labelled as irradiated . Food analysed Number of samples : 416 CEN method used Compliant Inconclusive Non - compliant Food supplements EN 1788 , EN 13751 Herbs and spices EN 1788 , EN 13751 Total Total in % of analysed samples 3.21 .
R213	Analyzed food Number of samples : 150 CEN method used Compliant Inconclusive Non - compliant Dried herbs , spices and vegetable seasoning EN 1786 , EN 1787 , EN 1788 , EN 13751 Nuts , including peanuts EN 1786 , EN 1787 , EN 1788 Vegetables EN 1786 , EN 1787 , EN 1788 Fruit EN 1786 , EN 1787 , EN 1788 Fish and molluscs EN 1786 , EN 1787 , EN 1788 Poultry and poultry meat products , eggs and egg products EN 1786 , EN 1787 , EN 1788 Total Total in % of analysed samples 3.22 Portugal Portugal has not provided data . 3.23 . Romania In 2007 , in 2014 , retail checks and checks on food labelling ( dried aromatic herbs , spices and vegetable seasonings ) were carried out in 2014 . control analyses on food irradiation have not been carried out in 2007 . My angel . My mother wrote everything in her journals to capture the passage of time . She wrote it down to help me get through all the horrors . I do n't see why I should . life , this is my daughter , Pedro , light , day , present , memories , the future . To me , the most important thing is life itself . it was over by 10:00 . " We 're 100 % with you , buddy .
R214	You could be killed . I understand that sounds provocative , but it 's true . All right , kids . This is our start . Gandhi has shown us that as a brown man , he has been oppressed in his homeland or in any other country ... ... and he can extract himself from segregation with a dose of patience , perseverance , intelligence , thought and discipline ... ... and with a little sense of humor . You know you ca n't sit here . I want to go to the capital of the city before dark . " " I 'm not defending you , boy , " he said , his voice muffled . " I 'd do anything to get my son home . Understand ? " If they do n't get mine , they 'll look elsewhere . It 's their way . But I want to ask you one - keep an eye on Sigarni and help her if you can . You and Gram are skilled warriors . You 've seen things the rest of us know only by narrative . You know how a man feels before a battle , and how a man can change his heart into water . You know what it 's like to face the enemy . it could be vitally important right now .
R215	Your treatment with Prialt will be managed by a doctor who has experience in administering medicines to the spinal cord and the use of in - house and external infusion pumps . your doctor will adjust the dose of Prialt according to the strength of your pain by adding a maximum of 2.4 micrograms / day . The maximum dose is 21.6 micrograms / day . at the start of your treatment your doctor may increase your dose every 1 to 2 days or more . If necessary , the dose may be reduced or the injection stopped if the side effects are too large . How to use Prialt And he 's old . There 's no need to remind him . I 'm sorry . It 's okay . It 's just ... nothing . That 's ... Youth . Hey , Lucy . Hello , Mirabel . No , you wo n't . but , yeah , look . I told you . What are you doing here ? Come and have a look . Not yet . Get the money ! Get the money ! I 'm sorry , but you 're gon na have to hurry before mommy gets home ... ... so we do n't have to do her too ! Go ! Where 's the money ? but the body showed action . The brain was n't dead . He was definitely alive . || Further development of general preparedness principles ( with detailed provisions for specific threats )
R216	Other articles of vulcanised rubber other than hard rubber Floor coverings and mats See the HS Explanatory Note to heading 4016 , second paragraph , ( 2 ) . Class VIII RAW HIDES AND SKINS , APPROPRIATIONS , FOOD AND ARTICLES THEREOF ; SHOULD AND ARTICLES ; TRAVEL NEEDS , CABELS AND SIMILAR CURRENT MORK GUARANTEE ) Chapter 41 RAW HIDES AND SKINS ( OTHER THAN FURSKINS ) AND SEAT Raw hides and skins of bovine ( including buffalo ) or horses and other solipeds ( fresh or salted , dried , limed , pickled or otherwise preserved , but not tanned , parchment - processed or otherwise prepared ) Unwool or split 4101 20 10 to 4101 20 90 Whole hides and skins , of a unit weight not exceeding 8 kg if they are simply dried , 10 kg if they are dry - salted , or 16 kg when fresh , wet or otherwise preserved Skins and skins of these subheadings , whether or not have or do not remove the head and legs ; however , they must not be split , i.e. the original thickness of the skin must not be divided into two or more layers . fresh This subheading covers hides and skins which have been only removed from the animals . chilled hides and skins are also included in this subheading . wet salted This subheading covers hides and skins which have been preserved against rotting by simple addition of salt .
R217	Dried or dry - salted This subheading includes dried hides and skins ( preserved by the simple means of drying , with or without the addition of an antiseptic ) and dry - salted hides and skins . Other This subheading includes limed hides and skins ( soaked in lime water or coated with a paste containing lime ) , pickled hides and skins ( stewed in weak solutions of hydrochloric or sulphuric acid or other chemicals to which salt has been added ) and hides and skins preserved by other means . 4101 50 10 to 4101 50 90 Whole hides and skins , of a weight exceeding 16 kg See the explanatory note to subheadings 4101 20 10 to 4101 20 90 . fresh See the explanatory note to subheading 4101 20 10 . wet salted See the explanatory note to subheading 4101 20 30 . For Epoetin alfa HEXAL there are insufficient data to assess the severity of the immunogenicity risk at SC administration therefore use in patients with CKD is not recommended for loss of efficacy or other signs of developing immunogenicity , any suspected red cell aplasia or the development of immunogenicity should be reported to the MAH . it might not be too reasonable for you to wait for anything that happens . What about you ? I think I ... I think I 'm gon na stay here for a while . as Government Minister shares responsibility for the regime 's violent repression against the civilian population .
R218	The injection site should be administered subcutaneously and the injection site should be changed to prevent lipoatrophy . 4.3 Contraindications hypersensitivity to the active substance or to any of the excipients . If there is evidence of tumour growth , treatment should be discontinued . Somatropin must not be used for growth promotion in children with closed epiphyses . Patients with severe acute illness with complications following open heart surgery , abdominal surgery , multiple injury , acute respiratory failure or similar conditions should not be treated with somatropin ( see section 4.4 for information on patients treated with substitution therapy ) . 4.4 Special warnings and precautions for use Good night . Get up ! Wake up the children and prepare them , they 're leaving this morning . What ? Get dressed ! Simon , we 'll see mommy ! Not this one , he 's very sick ! No , leave him in bed ! They all have to go ! You could n't draw me with bigger muscles ? A professional association ( not in the form of a company ) of natural persons is permitted . At least one of the auditors of a Finnish company with limited liability must be resident in one of the EEA ( European Economic Area ) States or be part of an authorised audit firm . Thank you . You are wounded , sir ? No , it 's from the moisture . I 'm gon na give you something .
R219	we 're gon na end the moisture . Bachelor gets a new roof . If you 'd kindly unscrew your pants , I would have greased your knee . Leontina , settle it ! Come on . Excuse me , boy ? Well , what kind of potion is that ? Well , Franco . But that 's what you 're supposed to do ! the blow was so strong that Amos almost turned around . ' Article 3a Minimum standards of national central banks ' conduct in managing the foreign reserve assets of the ECB Where the ECB acts as the ECB 's agent in managing the foreign reserve assets of the ECB , each NCB shall ensure that its internal rules relating to the administration , be it codes of conduct , orders or other types of regulations ( internal rules ) , comply with the national central banks ' minimum standards of conduct in the management of the foreign reserve assets of the ECB , which are attached as Annex 4 to the General Regulation . principles . " What are we gon na do ? We 'll enjoy it . Are you married ? Is it a man or a woman ? What ? A woman . Do you know these people ? Maybe they have a dog . What are you doing ? water flows . No one comes here today . Naomi , but we 're not ...
R220	Article 2 This Decision shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union . Done at Brussels , 2 December 2010 . You read the poem , I get it . That 's not a bad start , Mr. Tyler . Why did you come in the middle of the year ? 19.11.2015 Space Menu - CBVSS UO 27.10.2015 Editorial Board Meeting of 27 October 2015 10.10.2015 Deadline 2/2015 close to 15.4.2015 Editorial board meeting of 10 April 2015 10.3 .2015 Closing date 1/2015 is approaching all updates I want to submit updates to e - mail : Setting up Actions ( Oh , I was there , and I saw them dance the vicious shimmy on a wooden platform ) I know how you feel . I 'm scared , too . He just wants to keep talking . No , really . But you do n't have to , you can talk to me , and that helps . Well , you can tell me if I can mind my own business . And if it helps you , hit me . Like I do , but ... It 's better than talking to a mirror . I 'd like to know more about him . why is he thinking like that ? because he found a place where ... You know , he settled on the unused soil and turned it into the biggest ranch in all of Texas . he must have fought for it .
R221	' Are you serious ? ' said Rincewind . " Of course ! " Rincewind cleared his throat . " Down ! " he ordered . the carpet rose from the ground and stood waiting for a few feet above the cobbled cobbles . ' How did you- ' Conina began , but Nijel interrupted her . ' The wizards are familiar with the great arcas , and that 's it , ' he said . " Perhaps the carpet is enchanted so that it can only hear the opposite commands . could you make him rise even higher ? " " Yeah , I could , " said Rincewind , " but I wo n't , " he added at once . the carpet moved slowly forward , and as it did in moments like these , a huge boulder hit the place where it had just been . a little later they were out , and a stone storm raged behind their backs . The palace simply crumbled to pieces , and the pieces flew through the air like a volcano explosion . The IMF is conquering Europe In the early days of its existence after World War II , its fundamental task was to help Europe break out of the post - war trigger . Once upon a time , the Fund had dozens of programs across the continent ( both Rong Qian , Carmen Reinhart , and I show new research on its " graduation " of sovereign debt crises ) .
R222	Until the onset of the financial crisis , however , most Europeans assumed that they were too rich to ever expect to be expected by the IMF 's request for financial assistance . Welcome to the new era . In recent years , Europe has become the target of the largest expansion and impact of IMF borrowing and influence . The countries of the euro area have now agreed that the Fund can enter Greece and , if necessary , to Portugal , Spain , Italy and Ireland . After having castrated his populist rhetoric during the Asian debt crisis of the late 1990s , he struggled to re - anchor his politics and build up a new image . maybe it was a one - time thing . that 's why he did n't sign up for the winnings the next day . He was dealing with a moral dilemma . in ' 74 , Charlie Rich was named country singer of the year . in seventy - five , he had to hand over the prize to another . Really ? Yeah .
R223	( the guarantee provided by CSP QC under the supervision of SB or an accredited AB ) that the QcCompliance and/or QCP OID statement has a QcCompliance and/or QCP OID statement and does not contain a QcSSCD or QCP + OID statement , and the ' Sie' field can be used optional and the ' Sie' field can be used optional . does not need to include information about support for the secure signature creation ( which means that it is not supported by the secure signature creation resource ) . I wish you had n't been gone so soon . Oh , by the way , Madeleine Allsopp asked me if I 'd go to the Embassy afterwards . tonight , after dinner ? It 's okay , is n't it ? Rose , I do n't think you 're gon na have to be introduced at the embassy club after the big ball . I really love Ambrose and his orchestra . Please ! Your niece is a young woman . I 'm not . But can I go ? No , no . I was driving through the village , thank God . After 30 years with Lady Merton , I defy banter . Yes , 12 months . I agree ! and not words , and we need action ! Yes ! it 's completely ineffective , I agree ! This is a total waste of time !
R224	Where reference is made to this paragraph , Articles 5 and 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply , having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof . The period laid down in Article 5(6 ) of Decision 1999/468/EC shall be set at three months . ( 2 ) Maintained for 2011 by Council Decision 2011/308/EU of 19 May 2011 on guidelines for the employment policies of the Member States ( OJ L 138 , 26.5.2011 , p. Hello ! Hello . you could clean up the warehouse . Now ? Not now , I 'm closing in a minute . You could go back to the day - to - day . I 'm running . So far ! should build a gazebo . Hello ! Hello . on the list . potassium salt is also authorised . Insurance and reinsurance undertakings shall take into account , in the calculation of the Solvency Capital Requirement , the effect of risk - mitigating techniques where the credit and other risks arising from the use of those techniques are adequately reflected in the Solvency Capital Requirement . Article 102 Frequency of calculation 1 . God damn it . What will you do ? I have to fire him as soon as possible . ~ Do you think that 's the best solution ? ~ What do you mean ? Malin , what are you doing here in Millennium ? You were supposed to be a politician . Someone was here . the photos are scrambled .
R225	Oh , maybe you did n't see it ? Well , that 's amazing , because everyone else , the whole fucking town , is talking about it except you ! Now you shut him up . I have to figure this out . unchanged financial compensation when changing production The financial compensation to the operator remains unchanged when increasing production according to 3.1 . The financial compensation to the operator remains unchanged when reducing production in accordance with 3.2 . to Lake North - South ? Stay there . Yes , that ... that 's Danny . That 's my boy . No one , honey . Get in the car . Do you know which way to go ? It 's gon na be okay . Go with them . it 's a big challenge for him , and he hates the idea that he could n't . " " It 's not his fault . " Of course . " Edward was waiting for me at the front door . As I walked down the stairs , without a word , he opened them . your palace of mind ! make up your character , like an oil magnate from Texas . Let 's sit down . So let 's go to work so we can enjoy each other again . Captain Doby , you say nonsense . But today is the point . I 'm talking to everyone here now . Me . I did n't think of that . Shakespeare .
R226	If , after 4 weeks of therapy , the haemoglobin value has increased by at least 1 g / dl ( 0.62 mmol / l ) , the current dose should be continued . If , after 12 weeks of therapy , the haemoglobin value has not increased by at least 1 g / dl ( 0.62 mmol / l ) , response is unlikely and treatment should be discontinued . Thank you . or the packing of frozen vegetables might be better . Breathe . No , you 're not confused . You love this guy . I 'm just a complication from your past . Frank , you do n't have to worry about anything . I 'm gon na disappear from your lives because Christy really loves you . It 's true , Frank . I love you . Gold . of which amounts corrected as a result of audits of operations according to Article 34(1 ) of Regulation ( EU ) No 223/2014 All States Parties shall be bound by such amendments unless they denounce this Protocol in accordance with Article 21(1 ) and ( 2 ) at least six months before the amendment enters into force . These statements shall take effect on the date on which such amendments enter into force . State administration and power , embodied in the organized force of the nation , are also dominated by that idea .
R227	is dominated by the idea of personality , the authority of the subordinates , and the responsibilities subordinate to the superiors . Likewise , the destructive work of the Jew in other national corporations can be attributed to its eternal attempt to undermine the importance of personality in its host nations and replace it with a crowd . This is in the policy area of the parliamentary form of government , where we see so much of it from top to bottom . It is a system of trade union movement which does not serve the real interests of working , but exclusively destructive intentions of the international Jewish people . Qualifications : Clinical samples 10 % of the test population neonatal samples > 2 % of the tested population Samples ABO > 40 % A , B positive " Weak D " > 2 % Rich positive Table 10 Batch release for reactors and results of retailers for the determination of antigens for blood group blood group ABO , Rh and Kell 1 . Action 2 Measure 3 - Support for projects initiated by civil society organisations page 79 on the initiative of civil society organisations ' ; the original text is replaced by the following : before my father arrived at the nearest hospital , which was 15 miles from the village , it was already ... I 'm sorry . I just decided that if I worked on the antidote , I 'd learn something about them .
R228	I think he 's in the service tunnel or ... the drainage tunnel . that 's part of the drainage system . if we can close that floor ... The two snakes will be caught . Who 's gon na volunteer in those tunnels and find and knock out those two gigantic reptiles ? It 's a blanket . In Barbados Here 's a nice place ! It 's gon na be like cheese by the pool tomorrow by the pool . Subject : Landings of fish caught in European seas Answer from the Commission ( 23 June 2011 ) I come from a fucking farm in Nebraska . My family had to sell a fucking cow to get me here . Shit ! My old man 's in the hospital , you know ? My family does n't have much money . I had to get out of there . Yeah . You really do n't have any fucking money ? I thought you were going home to New York for the summer . That 's what I tell people so they do n't laugh . Actually , Rupert , I 've been washing pigs all summer . Jesus Christ , man , I 'm gon na make those kids pay a lot of money after the drugs . I 'm your key to moving this shit to school . He wo n't let him ... ... you need him more than I do .
R229	I 'll make you one more Violet , it 's not bad ... Why are you looking for a call ? I 'll tell you where I am , and you bring the baby . Let 's meet your maker . Very nice , Violet . and when I get the boy ... ... we isolate the antigen and release it into the atmosphere ... ... and all the people on the planet that want to live must go through this gate to get it . I thought we were the ones you hate . For any information about this medicine , please contact the local representative of the Marketing Authorisation Holder . the same type and model that tried to run over David . But I called you , and it 's our dad , and I thought that after everything you did to me and my family , maybe you could help . According to the file , he was the remaining fanatic of flight 197 , who still doubted David 's innocence . What do you think you were doing ? We were just drinking , maybe a little coke . Great . We 're gon na need it . Come on in . Thank you . You know , I 've been thinking about what you said to me that I should n't trust everyone right now . and I know what you 've always thought about the Graysons , what you 've always thought .
R230	And now I know what they did to you and your company . Three shots fired a target into the chest . This component or application requires the current installation of the Windows Explorer component and may not function properly after installing this component . Do you want to remove this component from the system when you uninstall Internet Explorer ? the process is complete . Internet Explorer is no longer able to uninstall . You have chosen to leave Internet Explorer in your system and delete the information needed to uninstall it . If you continue , you will no longer be able to uninstall this Windows component . This action only applies if you do not want to uninstall Internet Explorer anymore . You have chosen to remove the folder that contains the files necessary to reinstall Internet Explorer . It will free up about % d MB of disk space . This action is safe if Internet Explorer and Internet Tools are properly installed . However , if you want to reinstall a component of Windows Update later , it will need to be downloaded again . So this is the death site . there at that table , Mr. Blazanov , They shot Wild Bill . My bicycle ... will surpass Boardwalk and Quagmire with certainty . Deal . I 'll give it to you . I take 8 - 1 and I bet $ 100 . I 'm dealing with Boardwalk . Deal .
R231	Can I get a camera ready , Tom ? None of it . I did n't say you could sit down . Protect Lord Cipes . Areie , run ! Mom ! Tydee ! Attack ! Hold them back ! Hang on , Tydee . Shields together ! Forward ! Find peace , brother . Come on ! Come on , face me ! ' When I was a child , ' she said . " The stories of this kind always begin with , ' When I was little ... ' || Liberian Licensing Department ( LLD ) has all equipment , personnel and is functional and we 're not happy ? You 're not the only one dancing alone . My friend here will have a Coke , and I 'll have-- Vodka martini , very dry , with three olives . My memory has an unlimited capacity for unnecessary information . I 've had a terrible day . Look , I know we 've been talking , but I 've had a terrible day . you want to ask , " How bad is it ? " if you 'd give me a chance . I saved you the trouble , so when I told you my pathetic story , we could move on to more cheerful topics . You can choose . " A blind man ! " she cried .
R232	I 'm gon na go in there . Chief , if he crawls through that pipe all the way to the machine , could he get to the middle of the ore and open the hatch from the inside ? Bajoran workers , you have not given up Cardassian security . If you do not do so within 3 minutes , I will be forced to release the neuroacid gas to the ore treatment facility . I can do it . Bajoran workers , you have two minutes to surrender to the guards and save your lives . Of course I do . Well , I 'll pay you the same wages as your uncle pays , as long as the money is enough . It 's a chance to continue the work of André Delambra . Immediately . here at the factory ? I have the perfect place to work . Would you like to see them ? So now it belongs to me . Phil , this is a palace . Monsieur Philippe , it 's good to see you . change in appearance menu date and time photogallery random selection from gallery move Loading ... Get New Card ... KPatience © 1995 Paul Olav Tvete © 2000 Stephan Kulow Mario Weilguni the original transfer to KDE Matthias Ettrich Rodolfo Borges new game types something that is scarce at the outskirts of the month . The alliance said " fly . " If you need anything , just ask for it .
R233	Without a word , we rode up , and when the door opened , I politely motioned for her to get out first . One car accident , one divorce . And the third one has something to do with amnesia . I do n't know exactly what . Dosla pena . Today is the day , so do n't forget to see your grandfather . I want you to be in court at three . Coffee , please . Would you like a costume ? Sherry , you have to help me today . I need you today . Come here , Arthur . Good day , Judge . I 've only been going out with you guys at the last time . You promised me you were going to fly with me . Saul , it 's up to you . The Member State shall set up a committee , in agreement with the managing authority , to monitor the implementation of the programme within three months of the date of notification of the decision adopting the programme to the Member State . A Member State may establish a single monitoring committee for programmes co - financed by the CSF Funds . BUDGETARY IMPLICATIONS The proposal has no additional impact on the budget of the European Union . 2012/0305 ( COD ) Proposal for a REGULATION OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL on fluorinated greenhouse gases ( Text with EEA relevance )
R234	You remember Mr. Lucian . Then we have a deal . Bring the ships to Philly and give me the details . I can already smell the brotherly love . I 'd like to thank Mr. White for joining in today . This is not a formal gathering , so we 're not gon na follow the parliamentary rules , just raise your arm . I 've heard a lot of them in prison in weeks . But now I 'm back , and everyone knows that my door is always open . I do n't want to bother you . ( 2 ) OJ C 366 , 14.12.2013 , p. 5 . ( 2015/C 207/14 ) Bilateral arrangements with ancillary systems using the ASI shall comply with Annex IV . You were great ! I know ! I hope you do n't lose your license . I 'm quite glad ... in spite of that ... that I can give you ... your first ... driver 's ... ID ! Yeah ! I did n't want to twist your hand . Is n't that what you 're doing after I 'm 27 ? You 're ready ... really ready . Okay , I 'll take that . I 'm glad . No ! COM(2013 ) 32 final : Report from the Commission to the European Parliament , the Council , the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions on progress towards achieving interoperability of the rail system .
R235	Marine mineral resources Between 2000 and 2010 , the price of many non - energy raw materials increased by around 15 % p.[28 ] in particular due to consumer demand in emerging economies . For some of them , there is a risk of supply shortages , including raw materials labelled as critical to the European economy[29 ] . Fast development of technology , as well as concerns about the security of supply , have led production companies to consider what the sea can offer . The use and extraction of minerals other than sand and gravel from the sea has just begun . most of the current activity takes place in shallow waters . By 2020 , 5 % of world minerals , including cobalt , copper and zinc , could come from the ocean floor . I 'll be going to Washington DC soon . I have n't even started fighting . Did you think your mother would let you hurt you , Robbie ? bearing a petition for pardon , the stubborn Elizabeth Strouda arrived in the offices of Wahsington , seeking listeners of the President of the United States . The complainant may withdraw its complaint at any time before the decision is notified to the Parties and the Stabilisation and Association Committee , by written notification to the chairperson of the arbitration panel , the Party complained against and the Stabilisation and Association Committee .
R236	( 19 ) http://www.cerc.gouv.fr . EN Official Journal of the European Union C 175/28 Opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee on the ' Communication from the Commission to the Council , the European Parliament and the European Economic and Social Committee on the implementation of Directive 1997/7/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 1997 on the protection of consumers in respect of distance contracts COM(2006 ) 514 final ( 2007/C 175/07 ) The rapporteur was Mr PEGADO LIZ . At its 436th plenary session , held on 30 and 31 May 2007 ( meeting of 30 May ) , the European Economic and Social Committee adopted the following opinion by 61 votes and 4 abstentions . knee ? Really ? She did n't tell me anything . Maybe they wo n't have to sew it . The stitches are very bad on the knee . They could be left with a pretty scar . every knee injury is serious . and you can and you can end up with arthritis . Ask Joe Namath . Oh , no , thanks . Listen , she told me last time you wanted to come . You 'll learn more about my seizures , and she 'll know about our life together . That 's what she said . Impellizzeri , Administrator , having regard to the written procedure and further to the hearing on 11 April 2013 , after considering the observations submitted on behalf of :
R237	G. Trupp , R. Ciancaglini and M. Rossim , avvocati , - the Istituto nazionale della previdenza sociale ( INPS ) , by A. Sgroi , avvocato , - the Italian Government , by G. Smile . We lost some very useful gaps in tax laws that were tailor - made to have property overseas . And the FCC wo n't even let us offer at the next spectral auction because they want a full report on whether we 're circumventing the anti - trust law . So what did you want ? but I have to and I will . All right , fly in . Listen . Sloan . The Dow will shut down with a 2.5 % loss , S&P and NASDAQ will end with 2.3 % . I 'll tell you why . I 'll tell you why . Stop avoiding it ! I just got off the phone with these people . The house is written on Isabel , is n't it ? It does n't matter . Do n't worry about it . The country originated from the sun , and we came from it ... and we wo n't leave again . All right , ma'am , how about half the receipts ? You can touch it here . and I 'm proud of it . Careful ! Follow me ! Now the real fire . ostinato on " A " . Your merciful God .
R238	I think you 'll like it . while others say it was Brom who drove him out of town ... away , out of jealousy . But the old wives of the Dutch from these places still claim that Ichabod Crane had been chased on this night of Halloween by the most horrific demon they had ever seen . The Headless Horseman of Sleepy Hole . Hi ! That was great ! Thank you . Where 's Dad ? He wanted to come , honey , but he was tired . I think the beginning of the season , and the moving and everything , it was too much for him . You know ... passport . I 'll be back in a minute . Good evening , Mr. Lockhart . It 's nice . You 're the only one I can ask . Maybe you can help me . There are salt pools near here . and that 's it ? The salt is freely available ? You were lucky to make it all the way here with the Indians . If I were you , I 'd go back to Laramie while the road is safe . Miss Waggoman ... I understand . Thiobacillus is , William , a remarkable bacteria because ... it 's the only known organism that lives in sulfuric acid . That 's true , and ... Yes , Miss Rouhani ? For the first time , it was discovered in 1956 in casks of radioactive waste .
R239	Who of these three would have the best chance of surviving in the extreme environment of Jupiter 's moon Callisto , and why ? Tom , can you turn the lights on , please ? Thank you . You 're going to a faculty conference tonight ? Listening to Dean Stoff that the universe is like a beautiful woman ? The findings of the Court of First Instance The assessment of the gravity of the infringement The assessment of the applicant 's actual economic capacity to cause significant damage to other operators In order to determine the amount of the fine at a level sufficient to ensure that it is sufficiently deterrent , in view of the circumstances relied on by the applicant 2 . from the top 10,000 from all over Europe . This hallway should lead us to the bridge . From now on , I go first , okay ? Look again , you jerk . It 's digital . and now you do the math . in 1962 , they did n't have digital watches . 59 days after the last entry in the diary , it sailed 4500 miles across the ocean ... ... around the Gibraltar Point to the Mediterranean , at full sail . Getting the engines working . . . . . .it 's gon na take us at least two weeks todrag a ship that big . You 've been quiet since we got back . on that ... ship ?
R240	all alone . then give it to the neighbours . It 's time to talk . That 's good . we can make sandwiches out of it . Tommy , why did you bring him here ? He just wanted to come by . Can we talk outside , Rocky ? Yeah , sure . It 's too late . Rocky ! It 's okay . So , Tommy , what do you want to talk to me about ? version : Argument software updates failed to get updates You have one update You have 3 updates You have 10 updates your system is up to date Cancel Install the status of the Party depends on the fulfilment of the criteria laid down in Decision XV/3 of the Montreal Protocol . Article 12 requires the authorisation of exports of substances listed under Groups I to IX in Annex I to this Notice ( cf . also Annex 1 to that Regulation ) . Such export authorisations should be issued by the European Commission after verification of compliance with Article 11 ( 2 ) . For the purposes of that Regulation , quantities are given in ODP kilograms and reflect the ozone depleting potential of the substance ( 3 ) . A user who wishes to export controlled substances listed in Groups I to IX in Annex 1 to this Notice for the period from 1 January 2005 to 31 December 2005 should notify the European Commission better than 3 September 2004 .
R241	The user may export the regulated substances listed in Annex I to this Notice in the course of 2005 only if the European Commission has assigned it an export authorisation number . The European Commission reserves the right to refuse to grant an export authorisation number where it has not been given satisfactory information . Member State NRV 5 ( × E - 09 ) ( 8 ) Belgium ( BE ) Bulgaria ( BG ) Czech Republic ( CZ ) Denmark ( DK ) Germany ( DE ) Estonia ( EE ) Ireland ( IE ) Portugal ( PL ) Portugal ( PT ) Romania ( RO ) Slovenia ( SI ) Slovakia ( SK ) Finland ( FI ) Sweden ( SE ) Member State NRV 6 ( × E-09 ) ( 10 ) all the actors and actresses are going wrong . I can tell you that . and that 's bad . and I want to try it from page forty - six . Yeah . Really ? It 's a treat . Yeah . Why ? I used to love hotels . But now I 'm in another suite or hotel . a suitcase . A man like you can help me circumvent the formalities . You have 25 minutes to get to the general meeting . Are n't you tired on the way ? The driver went too far with sleeping pills .
R242	M_2006011EN.01001101.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 11/11 COMMISSION REGULATION ( EC ) No 68/2006 of 16 January 2006 amending Council Regulation ( EC ) No 2488/2000 to maintain the freezing of funds in connection with Mr Milosevic and persons associated with him / her THE COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES ; Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , Having regard to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 2488/2000 of 10 November 2000 to maintain the freezing of funds with regard to Mr Milosevic and persons associated with him ( 1 ) , and in particular Article 4(2)(c ) thereof , Whereas : Annex II to Regulation ( EC ) No 2488/2000 lists the competent authorities to which specific functions related to the implementation of that Regulation are attributed . - Level 2 of the geographical breakdown for external statistics in combination with level 1 of the activity breakdown . - Level 3 geographical breakdown combined only with total activity data . Section 4 First reference year and periodicity 1 . The first reference year for which annual statistics are to be compiled is the calendar year of the entry into force of this Regulation . were fabulous . Hey , can you help me with something ? there 's so little room here . I thought that when Jack left , there was an extra space , but ... I 'd try it in the living room . You know , I just ca n't sleep here .
R243	Her name is Julie . You would have saved her mother . I think you 're lying . You did n't have a single visitor . Not one phone call since you 've been here . No . Honey , what happened ? Honey , they 're counting on the rest of us . I thought I was capable of anything , but I 'm not . not this one . That 's all . I 'm scared . I got us in the fucking situation . but I need you to help me out . Once again , my love . Save me this time . Are you in the house ? I 'm here , but they 're not . Article 2 The text of Directive 2003/101/EC in the Icelandic and Norwegian languages , to be published in the EEA Supplement to the Official Journal of the European Union , shall be authentic . past experiences revived in their meaning are no longer the experiences of one single life , but many generations , open and enter . if you find the meaning of what happiness is , then a new life will begin moonlight It 's called , that 's what I should have said before , as I believe , Asparagus , but that 's so hard to say that we usually call him Gus .
R244	He played with Irving playing his whole " serdler . " and he likes to tell about his achievements on the stage when a gallery shows seven times in a row but the greatest of his creations , and you know what I mean , was Firefrorefiddle , firecrackers of heather in my time , I played the most diverse roles , and 70 monologues could recite from the sky Limit to login enabled logon disabled once a hour twice an hour Enabled disabled Synchronize replication not available no list vertical list tip ( displays description in local window ) you ca n't be serious . He 's just a kid . With all due respect , you may have given the company the name Grayson , but I added the globality . With all due respect , son , I 'm still chairman of the council . I just wanted to make sure you were okay . Yeah , I 'm fine . I was so angry . No , I ca n't find her . I 've been to her hotel a few times , but I do n't know where to look . They think it 's Becky 's number . Shall we call him ? She said we did n't . But it could lead us to Becky . It could help Huck . If Hollis called Becky , that means he was behind the shooting , and he tried to frame Huck . Huck 's not in jail .
R245	They took him under Patriot 's . It 's not a prison . Why are we just sitting here ? Liv has a plan . What plan ? A project of common interest may cover its entire cycle , including feasibility studies and licensing procedures , implementation and evaluation . Wennerström 's kingdom is like a living , formless organism ... a journalist , Mikael Blomkvist , who has been convicted of insulting Hans - Erik Wennerström again . ... wanted financier Wennerström was found dead this morning in a hotel room in Marbella , Spain . A 44-year - old chambermaid found a 44-year - old . We 're talking about a lot of millions . The police are looking for an unidentified woman who was intercepted by a security camera . Blomkvist has accused Wennerström of arms trafficking and fraud in excess of 60 million . a map . The ends of the star are five murdered girls . We are now interested in the cross . many believe that in a number of major cities , this system is incorporated . Blackwood killed three people after his resurrection . we found his body here . Sir Thomas , Superior of the Temple , wore a ring of bull . He died here . standish , ambassador to the United States where the eagle has been an eagle for over 100 years . Thanks to that , the map will help us determine the next crime scene . Parliament . Lady first .
R246	Did the devil show up ? Right ? No , but seriously , this is really fucked up . Let them suck , cow . Oh , yeah . Let them suck , cow . But you 're gon na finish the school anyway , right ? Do n't you ? Are you my mom ? All right , my friends , we have three weeks to go . If you have any questions , do n't be afraid to contact me through e - mail . Have a good evening . Hi . Hi . Where are you headed ? to the car . The audit did not identify serious deficiencies in the processing of family allowances ( see paragraph 9.16 ) . Parliament has taken note of the Court 's comments . recommendations 2 ( Commission ) : Updating the personal status of staff and allowances for staff The Commission should take appropriate steps to ensure that staff submit documents attesting to their personal situation at appropriate intervals and establish a system for the timely monitoring of these documents ( see the 2011 annual report , paragraph 9.19 ) . The weaknesses persist in the processing of family allowances ( see paragraph 9.11 ) . A module allowing for a declaration of contributions of a similar nature was introduced in 2013 . At the end of June 2014 , a module allowing each employee to report a change in the professional activity of the spouse was launched .
R247	recommendations 3 ( European External Action Service ) : Personal status updates and allowances for employees The European External Action Service should take appropriate steps to ensure that staff submit documents attesting to their personal situation at appropriate intervals and establish a system for the timely monitoring of these documents ( see the 2011 annual report , paragraph 9.25 ) . The weaknesses persist in the processing of family allowances ( see paragraph 9.13 ) . The EEAS reminded its staff that it is their duty to properly provide updated information about their personal circumstances and , in particular , to award benefits from other sources . In 2012 and 2013 , the EEAS wrote to all workers who admitted income from other sources , a personal e - mail reminding them of their obligation to update their declarations . ( i ) the initial situation of the agricultural holding ; and ( ii ) details of actions , including actions related to environmental sustainability and resource efficiency that could help to achieve economic viability , such as investment , education or cooperation . aid towards the payment of insurance premiums : the amount of local support represents the difference between the amount of co - financing of insurance premiums from the national budget and up to 50 % of eligible costs of insurance premiums for insuring crops and fruit . The First Lady spoke to him . " Good evening , Paul ! " Hood stood . Good to see you . "
R248	Verified questionnaire replies of the Community industry 4 . I 'm going back to the city . but we 'll stay in touch , wo n't we ? Well what ? You know what I had to do ? There must have been five people , your attorney , your district attorney ... You got me out , the others do n't care . A measure taken pursuant to paragraph 2 shall be withdrawn as soon as it has been established with sufficient certainty that propagating material or fruit plants intended to be placed on the market by the supplier will , in future , comply with the requirements and conditions of this Directive . Article 20 1 . No wonder you became a cosmologist . the wildest sky in the Alpha Quadrant . I 've never been there . conversations with unspoken assumptions that I disagree with . Where I grew up is n't important , so if you 're trying to understand me better , questions about my planet are irrelevant . What about your 13th chromosome ? Are n't you missing two base pairs on the 178 gene ? I signed up for Voyager because I needed annual practice . I 'm sorry your career has been delayed , but the lives of all of us have been interrupted .
R249	( a ) a higher number of new or better medical interventions against HIV / AIDS , tuberculosis , malaria and other poverty - related diseases and by the end of the programme at least one new medical intervention ; the issue of at least 30 guidelines for better or broader use of existing medical interventions and progress in clinical development of at least 20 potential medical interventions ; b ) enhanced cooperation with sub - Saharan African countries , in particular in the field of capacity building for carrying out clinical trials in accordance with fundamental ethical principles and relevant national , Union and international law , including the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union , the European Convention on Human Rights and its Additional Protocols , the 2008 Helsinki Declaration of the World Medical Association , and GCP standards adopted by the International Conference on Harmonisation of Harmonisation requirements for marketing authorisation for medicinal products for human use ; ( d ) extended international cooperation with other public and private funding providers ; ( e ) higher impacts due to effective cooperation with relevant European Union initiatives , including its development assistance . because you did n't do it . Ted , the seatbelt , did you do it ? Did he or did n't he ? You know if he did it ? Sure . I probably should n't be surprised . Okay , did I hear you say you were a surgeon ?
R250	( 2 ) OJ L 353 , 27.11.2004 , p. 9 . Official Journal of the European Union L 84/18 COMMISSION REGULATION ( EC ) No 528/2005 of 1 April 2005 on bids lodged for exports of milled , semi - grain , medium and long - grain A rice intended for export to certain third countries within the framework of the tendering procedure opened by Regulation ( EC ) No 2031/2004 COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES , Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , Having regard to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1785/2003 of 29 September 2003 on the common organisation of the market in rice ( 1 ) , and in particular Article 14(3 ) thereof , Whereas : An invitation to tender for the export refund on rice was issued pursuant to Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 2031/2004 ( 2 ) . I completely disagree . That 's my most cynical point of view ... is there no law of God that would force the father of the grandier to be celibate ? you almost satisfied my conscience . Speak , you have language ! who 's responsible for this ? I ask again ! Who is responsible for this ? A member of the State Council , and the special commissioner of His Majesty , responsible for the demolition of the fortification of Loudun at your service , Father .
R251	I know what I 'm saying . Where 's His Majesty 's decree ? Do n't interfere with politics , Father . Your sinners are waiting . Grandier ! When you 're a common priest , you act like a governor , Father . no ( 60 ) . subsectors ( i ) , ( iv ) and ( v ) are excluded where they fall within the scope of the services which may be reserved , namely : for correspondence the price of which is less than 2,5 times the official basic rate , provided that they weigh less than 50 grams ( 61 ) , plus the registered writing service used in judicial and administrative proceedings . ( part of CPC 751 , part of CPC 71235 ( 62 ) and part of CPC 73210 ( 63 ) ) B. ( a ) Bastard ... We have to stick together , you son of a bitch ! dong - su is my friend , too . Do n't you know I 'm doing this to save you ? EUROPA - Official documents from EU institutions , agencies and other bodies EUROPA - Gateway to the European Union You are in the principal navigation of the site Home About the EU Policies and activities Your life in the EU Take part ! EU Official Journal Published every working day in all official languages of the European Union .
R252	Court of Justice Case law Annual report Court of Auditors Audit reports and opinions Annual activity report European Central Bank Annual reports Convergence reports Financial stability review European Ombudsman Decisions Draft recommendations Annual report European Data Protection Supervisor Opinions Papers Annual report European Economic and Social Committee Opinions Summary of plenary sessions Annual report Committee of the Regions Opinions and resolutions Working documents ( TOAD database ) European Union agencies and decentralised bodies Documents and publications from the European Union Agencies and decentralised bodies See also EU archives Order a publication Maps of Europe The Europass Curriculum Vitae ( CV ) so it 's a really classified government facility . It 's gon na be a good place . We no longer call model 3302 as a cloaking device . Cover me . Leave it to me . Did n't we always do that ? Togusa , where are you now ? Major . We 're approaching the roof , on the outer wall . Okay . I found the kids . Do you mean that mom and stepfather were going to kill each other ? And your mother , what did she think that Mike wanted to send you to war with ? after she got half of the 20,000 rewards of writing , she did n't care anymore . but fighting is only a fraction of what we do . Victoria wants to learn about computers . can go to advanced courses and learn about the world 's best technologies .
R253	No . I 'll stay with Sergeant Donley . but he 's too smart to be just a number in your statistics . I agree , sir . Kevin is a special boy . Maybe if you took a moment to listen to him , you 'd understand why he was interested . About a week after he was deployed in Iraq , he had a patrol . Okay , I do n't want to get to these tricky things ... So , the HMO will have a list of doctors that you should see , and you have to go to the doctor on the list . If you do n't see the doctor on the list , the insurance company wo n't pay you the care he gave you . ... you 're gon na pay for it yourself . and classically for the HMO , there will be a very close collaboration between the insurance company and the doctors , how care is to be conducted , what is permitted , and so on . I 'm sure he wo n't tell us . No , we promise him something . Congratulations , Will . The last straw is a year 's wedding . In this context , it should be noted that the Ministry of Economy and Finance was consulted on the amount of the share capital of SACE BT when considering the first measure .
R254	IV Notices NOTICES FROM EUROPEAN UNION INSTITUTIONS AND BODIES Commission 2009/C 195/05 Euro exchange rates V Announcements PROCEDURES RELATING TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE COMPETITION POLICY Commission 2009/C 195/06 Prior notification of a concentration ( Case COMP / M.5604 - 2009 ) ( 1 ) 2009/C 195/07 Prior notification of a concentration ( Case COMP / M.5421 - Panasonic / Sanyo ) ( 1 ) ( 1 ) A month and a half after I graduated from the academy , I went on patrol and shot a young man who tried to kill his mother . And when you shoot someone , you have to be judged by a psychologist . First , I , like you , thought it was a waste of time . Later ... ? it turned out to be useful . You know , there 's a difference between mentally ill and emotionally injured . I do n't feel hurt . No . But then I had to relive my experience in my testimony , and in the preliminary hearings and in the trial , because the judicial system exerted extraordinary pressure on witnesses . ... and it 's so unfair , because the victim and the witnesses ... ... and the policemen have to relive it ... ... until they 've told their story in public .
R255	Desogestrel Ethinylestradiol Regisha 0,150 mg/0,02 mg 0,15 mg 0,02 mg tablet oral use Desogestrel Ethinylestradiolol Regisha 0,150 mg/0,03 mg 0,15 mg 0,03 mg oral use REGULON 0,15 mg 0,03 mg oral use Okay . I 'm going . All right . I 'm glad you 're here with me . Me too , Mom . No , Mom . and you ? Not a bit . God , Court . I hope you wanted a little girl , Abigail . I know someone who 's going to disappoint a lot . Matt was looking forward to the boy . I thought the makeup was just an excuse . How was I supposed to think I was gon na tell a dead person ? I hate bleeding . Section 7 : Assets in safekeeping Amount a. transactions in debt and equity markets amount a. the activity of underwriting property securities b. the activity of underwriting debt securities c. underwriting activity indicator ( sum of items 8.a and 8.b ) complexity indicators Section 9 : Notional amount of OTC derivatives Amount a. OTC derivatives cleared through a CCP b. OTC derivatives indicator ( sum of items 9.a and 9.b )
R256	contact line Third rail The fourth rail Not electrified Indication of the type of traction line system . selecting one option from a predefined list : AC25 kV - 50 Hz / AC 15 kV-16,7 Hz / DC 3 kV / DC 1,5 kV / DC ( special case FR ) / DC750V / DC650V / DC600 V / Other Indication of traction supply system ( rated voltage and frequency ) You can narrow down the search area by clicking the Browse button and selecting certain folders or accounts . By using the message rules , other operations can be performed other than the incoming mail sorting . you can color certain messages , send the answers you want , not download some messages , or even delete messages . Try it ! Open the Address Book and select either the Residence tab or the Employment tab . To view a map of the address specified on a given tab , click the View Map button . you can search for any e - mail address using the Find People button in your Address Book . In the top of the window , select the Internet service directory you want to search , then type the name of the person you want , and then click Find . To read the newsgroup messages you are logging on to , choose Newsgroups on the Tools menu . From the list , select a newsgroup , and then click Go .
R257	By choosing Newsgroups on the Tools menu , you can easily find newsgroups that would be interested in you . If you want to read the contributed newsgroup contributions , select the group in the Folders list . Select a message from the list that you want to read in the preview pane , or double - click to open a message in a separate window . You can unsubscribe any newsgroup by right - clicking on a newsgroup in the Folders list , and then clicking Unsubscribe . Volume Shadow Copy Service error : Initialization of shadow copy authors has already been executed . " Let 's do it now ! " " Not now , Anjin - san . someday we 'll do it . we climb into Fuji - san in the autumn ... " All the way down to the village of the Kwanto they passed nice , cozy inns . they often crossed rivers and streams , the sea now to the right . their expedition moved northward along the busy , vibrant road of the Tokido , the largest area of rice cultivation in the whole of the empire . we could n't exist without the rice . " " But that awful smell , Mariko - san ! " Just do it like we do , open your eyes , ears , and your mind . 6.6 Special precautions for disposal Only TO THE INTRAMUDULAR GLUTEAL GLUTEAL ADMINISTRATION . UNDERTAKING INTRAVENOUS OR SUBSTANCES .
R258	somehow we felt in our children 's hearts . . . . . .we knew something had happened between them . I 'm sorry you 've come in vain , my husband has n't returned from Ed yet . I expect him in about two or three days no But a letter came yesterday ... ... but he only wrote about what he wanted to get home . That 's good some people have even been ordered to commit suicide I was afraid something might have happened to linuma . Is that what you came for ? People do n't talk about anything else . They say there were guards out there . There 's talk of lynching when they get the guy . They killed Casy first . Do they know ... what this guy looks like ? They know he got punched in the face . I 'm sorry , Mom . I did n't know what I was doing . Did n't even know I was gon na do that . Oh , it 's all right , Tommy . I wished you would n't do that ... but you did what you had to do . I 'm going away tonight , Mama . Tom , there 's a lot of things I do n't understand ... but you wo n't help us if you leave . _ Cell Entity : cell spacing : cell occupies % d column cell occupies % d row
R259	c ( cells [ cells ] ) , p ( percent ) , x ( percent of [ column ] ) , y ( percent of categories [ row ] ) , a ( acres ) , h ( hectares ) , k ( square miles ) , m ( square miles ) cell % s deleted . a cell that this server will provide for files : cellphone activated mobile data : mobile mobile mobile mobile networks : only mobile connection Stop , stop ! Hands behind your back . He deserved it . All of it ! How long has he been seeing your daughter ? It 's a child , it 's 14 . Full of hormones . He 's a grown - up , shiny guy with a nice , shiny car . Two months , as far as I know . Now I 'm going to ask you a difficult question , sir . I do n't want to think about it . Thank you , sir . THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND THE COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN UNION , Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , and in particular Article 156 thereof , Having regard to the proposal from the Commission[1 ] , Having regard to the opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee[2 ] , Having regard to the opinion of the Committee of the Regions[3 ] , Acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 251 of the Treaty , Whereas :
R260	( 2 ) The objective , purpose and tasks of the Authority , as described in Articles 1 and 2 of Regulation ( EC ) No 1321/2004 , were established in accordance with the needs of the management and financing scheme for the deployment and operational phases of the Galileo programme in the form of a concession contract . This scheme has been abandoned in the course of 2007 , and the management and funding of the deployment phase of the programme will not be entrusted to the private concession holder . wetbacks Exhibition : Game Nest Do n't freeze . Store in the original package in order to protect from light . How glorious it might have been to fight and fight - the ones they did n't fight ! " " You say bought and sold ? So be it . One of those rare little smiles crossed the patrician 's face - as always when he was about to say something that was n't very cheerful , but what amused him . the list of transactions is set out in Annex II . these shall be indicated on the information medium by code numbers from column A or by a combination of the code numbers from column A and their sub - items from column B according to the list referred to above . Article 14 1 . and he needs his mother to save him . I came all this way because I trusted you . You have to choose .
R261	It 's over . It 's gone . Leave the ship where it is . You 've secreted your own daughter 's death . and you sent our people to their deaths . and you have to understand how powerful this creature is . There has just been a rescue . it appears to be a problem with the ISEA ship . Sean Glass ? Did you find the escape pod ? There was only a faint signal . Revision must be based on scientific criteria established by the European Food Safety Authority established by Regulation ( EC ) No 178/2002[6 ] and should take the form of implementing measures of a technical nature , the adoption of which should be entrusted to the Commission in order to simplify and expedite the procedure . they were about halfway across the strait when the water started to rise again . With an effort , Garion reared and pulled at the reins until the horse 's hooves scrambled back to the slippery protrusions of the cliff . " The water will be over soon . " " We 'll cross two more islands , " Belgarath decided . ( 1 ) Texts adopted , P7_TA(2010)0224 . ( 2 ) Texts adopted , P7_TA(2010)0376 . ( 3 ) Texts adopted , P7_TA(2010)0491 . Really ? I drew you a manual , follow it . The purpose of the reporting for defined contribution plans is to provide periodic information about the plan and the performance of its investment .
R262	yet , what 's the plan ? " " First , find four enforcers . Second , we 'll find out what we can about Laris 's organization and find a weak spot . " men went to work with hats and ties . ... and inside a pocket with a monogrammed monogrammed , you know , for an opium pipe and a switchblade . and you killed her . At least we know that our history together is more complicated than we thought . I know how much you looked up to Eve . It was n't the woman I knew . I wonder what happened , that it changed her . I guess I 'll probably never know . we 'll never know everything about our past . If so , I probably would n't spend so much time trying to kill you . something that we would argue about , we would find , I was such a brat . his mother 's child . I think we wasted our last day by being plagued by the past . Now we can focus on being plagued by a lack of future . then why did they cancel it ? Yes , I know how kids feel . And yet , look at all these things ! Oh , hey . Pretty teeth . and still a good - looking guy . Oh , it 's a box ! Great . What ... what are you doing ?
R263	In order to ensure that resources allocated to financial instruments in favour of SMEs achieve an efficient and effective critical mass of the new debt finance for SMEs , it should be possible to use those resources throughout the territory of the Member State concerned , irrespective of the categories of regions . However , when negotiating a funding agreement between a Member State and the EIB , it should be possible to allow the recovery of the resources of a region or a group of regions within the same Member State on a pro rata basis as part of a single specialised national programme based on a financial contribution from the ERDF and the EAFRD . Look , if it was a fair fight , I 'd stay . He 's still lying . The competent authority of a Member State where , prior to the date of entry into force of this Regulation , the training organisations , to which the Agency is the Agency pursuant to Article 4 , has requested the issue of a certificate , shall terminate the certification procedure in cooperation with the Agency and transmit the file to the Agency after the issuance of the certificate . THE COMMISSION 'S PROCEDURE CONCERNING THE TWO DECLARATIONS REFERRED TO IN THE IMPLEMENTATION . I hope I have tuberculosis . I 'm sorry , Bernie . Bernie , you got my ticket . Bernie , you got my ticket . Bernie ! Damn it , Richard , look at this .
R264	If we keep going like this , there 's gon na be more pressure on the shield , so we 're gon na exhaust more power from the ZPM . You have to drop the return angle . I heard you the first time , Rodney ! Hold on ! Nice kiss ! Where are we ? and there 's still a lot of energy in the ZPM . Turn the shield off . Colonel Sheppard , we did it . If no verification methods are provided , dynamic defaults will be used . ( Text with EEA relevance ) every hero should have it . He 's gone . I 'm sorry . I know how you liked him . Can I have a word ? is the last one we 're photographing together . Was there anything significant on that day ? Lindy , whatever she wants to say to you , sending this picture can help us find Reese . In the original picture , your sister has a bracelet on her hand , but she does n't have it in the replica . Why ? It was Sara 's birthday . before she disappeared . I gave it to her as a gift , and she loved it . Things were hard after Mom died , and it was nice to see her smile again .
R265	There are also three specialised courts which deal with civil cases : the Maritime and Commercial Court , the Industrial Tribunal and the Rent Tribunal . Which ordinary court shall I apply to ? I. Is there a distinction between lower and higher ordinary courts and if so which one is competent for my case ? civil courts are organised at three levels . A lowest level is made up of district courts , followed by the High Courts , with the Supreme Court at the highest level . All civil cases must be brought before district courts . However , certain cases relating to business can be brought before the Maritime and Commercial Court . The general rule on jurisdiction The basic rule is that the case must be brought before the defendant 's competent court . The competent natural persons court is the district court whose jurisdiction covers their place of residence . The competent court for legal persons such as companies and associations is the district court whose jurisdiction covers the place where the head office is located . There are a number of situations in which a case can be brought before a Danish court even if the defendant is not resident in Denmark . A civil case can be brought before a Danish court even if the defendant 's competent court is in a foreign place of residence . These examples are cases relating to immovable property in Denmark or cases concerning contracts to be executed in that country .
R266	In five seconds , the pressure in the ship went up to 2 G , then roared the frame engines , and the ship started out . The vehicle manufacturer does not need to provide such information where they are covered by intellectual property rights or constitute specific know - how of the manufacturer or the OEM supplier(s ) . Upon request , this appendix shall be made available in a non - discriminatory manner to all relevant component , diagnostic tools or test equipment manufacturers . Curzon always warned you about it . Do n't think you 're gon na throw me through this . Remember the Argo lieutenant who threw a drink in your face ? And you knocked me down before I could kill him . I still have the scar on your ring . I tried the ring when Curzon died . and he fell off my finger . . . .let 's not . . . . . .whatever it is . That 's what you taught me ! It was Curzon . I 'm gon na stop defending you right now if you tell me Curzon was guilty . I wo n't talk to you about that . as far as Enina Tandro is concerned ... I feel the shame of Curzon 's indiscretion . I love it . There 's a huge annual interest coming in ... so keep your fingers crossed , girls . We will ! Congratulations , you did it .
R267	Mr. Thornhill 's car should be there any minute . and who 's this ? Finch , they 're gon na blow up Thornhill 's car ! No father . No whiskey and soda . Slow down . We 're coming to check . Welcome , buddy . Good to see you . Kisses . Here it is . leave Shanghai as soon as you can . they 'll let us go . The Lockwoods have been welcomed by Chink . Scotch whiskey . are our days numbered ? There was a flush of a toilet . The lock clicked . Chigurh looked at the woman again . and then he went out , got into a ramcharger , and drove away . He stopped at the café , took an envelope out of his breast pocket , folded it , opened it , and read the letters inside . he opened the phone statement and looked at the dialed numbers . there were calls to Del Rio and to Odessa . he went in , changed , walked to the pay phone , and dialed Del Rio , but no one answered . He called the number to Odessa , a woman answered , and he asked about Llewelyn . I tried to reach him at Sanderson , but I do n't think he 's here either . Did he tell you that ? I 'll fill them with a little bit more . It 's too warm . Carlos , my God !
R268	Go ahead , please . I packed everything and went to work . and when I came back , my apartment was in the state it 's in now . Well , at least I broke the phone . The suitcase and several bags were lost ... and the bed was burned . It 's taking them a long time . You go . they 're gon na kiss . he has to deal with it . He 's his father 's son . No , you 're not . you want to risk a double jeopardy , where you can really change the score ? But , you know , it 's really bad for you . Who are you , then ? Only a fly on the cake , Hans , a thorn in the heel , shit on the basket . Find out if he 's lying about Marco and if anyone else is missing . Mr. Mysterious Guest , are you there ? Yeah , I 'm here if you want to open the door for me . You 're just another American who saw too many movies as a kid ? I always had a thing for Roy Rogers . I like the decorated baskets , too . [ 3 ] The amount available for the variable payment amounted to EUR 9 million for the 2008/2009 financial year and EUR 6,3 million of outstanding payments for the financial year 2007/2008 .
R269	This includes , on the one hand , a significant improvement in the degree of enrolment and the rate of successful completion of elementary school and , on the other , an obligation on the part of the local authorities to maintain and finance the infrastructure for teacher education . However , the Court 's assessment of the results achieved is strictly related to the expected results , as set out in the revised programming framework used in the final evaluation report ( EQUIP - Final Evaluation Report - December 2008 , Annex E ) . The measures described to achieve the objectives set out in this Article are set out in Article 55 of Part III of Title VI ( Economic and Trade Development ) of this Agreement . 2011 census and housing in Czech Republic unrest in England 2011 European short pool swimming championships 2011 World Swimming Championships military intervention in Libya Me . I just got back from there . It 's there , definitely . I 'm telling you , and I 'm gon na tell Munro . Just because you did n't see him does n't mean he 's not there . Where 's Lady Kiely ? Will he be all right ? Yes . How do you know ? I know . She told you ? I have eyes . When Ramona says she 's having a baby , she 's having a baby . one is missing ? Okay , twenty - six . Come here .
R270	Here 's your desk . You 'll sleep here . If your bed is small , extend it with a chair . Zhang Mingxian . Zhang Mingxian is the class president . Jiao Jie , Zhang Huike , Tian Xuewei , Ming Xinhong . These three girls are gon na sleep here with you tonight . Two boys sleep over there . you 'll eat together . How will the question of future parental responsibility be resolved if the parents divorce or split up ? ( by common agreement or by going to court ) If the parents can not come to an agreement on the issue of parental responsibility , what are the alternative means for solving the conflict without going to court ? If the parents go to court , what issues can the judge decide upon relating to the child ? If the court decides that one parent shall have single custody of a child , does this mean that he or she can decide on all matters relating to the child without first consulting the other parent ? If the court decides that the parents shall have joint custody of a child , what does this mean in practice ? Which procedure applies in these cases ? Is an emergency procedure available ? Can I obtain legal aid to cover the costs of the procedure ? Is it possible to appeal against a decision on parental responsibility ?
R271	To which court must I apply in order to oppose recognition and enforcement of a decision on parental responsibility that has been delivered by a court in another Member State ? The court shall decide , after hearing the parties , whether the failure to observe time limits which are not provided for in the Staff Regulations or these Rules of Procedure renders the procedural document or reply inadmissible . The first subparagraph shall apply to the failure to comply with the time - limit laid down in the first subparagraph of Article 88(3 ) for the submission of a statement in intervention . Section 4 Procedures for dealing with cases Article 40 Procedures for dealing with cases 1 . What ? his funeral ! Imagine that ! As a professional Black Guardian , you 're awfully embarrassing ! Damn you ! My mortal enemy fell right into my hands . That woman ... let her go . Are you in love with her ? He 's only expressing his own perverse thoughts . Do n't worry about it . What are you talking about ? Come on . Come on . Come on . I 'm gon na suck everything out of you . What 's it like ? Have you ever thought about doing anything else ? zebra . No further information . 10 - 4 . No , no , stop ! Kill me ! Kill me . Just press it . You look pretty thirsty , Noel .
R272	Get off the street , you crazy bastard ! How ? How are you gon na kill me ? Take it ! A delegated act may be published in the Official Journal of the European Union and enter into force pursuant to this Regulation only if no objection has been expressed either by the European Parliament or the Council within a period of two months of notification of that act to the European Parliament or the Council , or before the expiry of that period if , before the expiry of that period , the European Parliament and the Council have both informed the Commission that they will not object . This period shall be extended by two months at the initiative of the European Parliament or of the Council . it can be as simple as a heart attack . There are much easier ways to kill someone than drown them in a car . and had any enemies at all ? A lot of people in G.D.would n't mind if this particular researcher was gone . next year 's grants have been reduced . Sheriff , open the car . What would it look like if I had compromised the evidence in my first act as a medical examiner ? Tuna , eggs and cream cheese burrito ... with horseradish . Member States may introduce either official lists of approved contractors , suppliers or service providers or certificates issued by public or private certification bodies .
R273	This does not mean that such requests may be made by undertakings to which a commitment was made after 1 July 1969 , but only that undertakings which , at the time of the entry into force of Regulation ( EEC ) No 1191/69 , have not requested the abolition of an existing commitment within a period of one year may do so at a later date , and it must be explained that this option concerns only the case where the circumstances referred to in Article 4(1 ) have occurred . only at a later date . Thank God , I mean kevlar . This is our fault . What do you mean ? Rigsby says they were chasing Hicks when Van Pelt got shot . he 's right . This is not about disagreements , it 's about professionalism . and here we are again . you have no responsibility . The shooter 's name is Diane Zaranski . You got ta be kidding me . D. The San Francisco police department suspects she 's in the gang who kidnapped him . The same group had to kidnap Mia Westlake . No Thank God , because it 's so good Maisy was arrested while Harold was at work , she was having sex with men for money in her house . Um , Cassandra , I 'm sorry your life was so wasted that you almost had a three - way with a dog and a baby , but your life had meaning .
R274	b19 Lifting to 4 points with or without running gear Fig . and lead us to the right path . These sacrifices will be of obligatory love for you , to protect the peace of the world . So what happened ? There was an old water tank in the basement . He must have climbed out there and the stirrups ... I found him . Oh , God ! everyone was accusing me . they did n't say a word , but I heard them whispering . ... I could n't bear it . I took rat poison when the chef was n't looking . See ? I told you you 'd hate me . Of course I hate you . When will we go on ? if four parts are flooded - the ship will hold . When the front part sprays the water , it rises over the portholes , and it gets higher and higher . farther and farther into the back . There 's nothing she can do about it . that Pumpy pumps will only hold back a few minutes . As of this moment , no matter what we do , the Titanic falls to the bottom . He 's not sinking . is made of iron , sir . that 's mathematically proven . How much time do we have ? How many people are on the ship , Mr. Murdoch ?
R275	You knew about this ? I do n't want anything to happen to you ! Come on ! All hands in position ! If you want to prove your loyalty , go to your position ! Move ! Move ! Move ! Three . I think it 's time to stop the spectacle , Detective . Forgive the intrusion , Doctor . I came to see how your patients are doing . are under quarantine . you 'll have to leave . they have an infectious disease ! then you should probably wear a mask , Dr. Henderson . Sorry to interrupt , soldier . I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions . Yeah . why did Matthew Larson turn against his unit ? Can you tell me why he was released ? Larson left alone . It was n't for him . I consider , in essence , that the Court of First Instance 's assessment is correct . Okay , I get it . I know what you 're gon na say . I 'm a man . I 'm going there . I still have to move . Do n't touch me ! Shut up , you retarded cunt ! You hit me ! We do n't have time for this ! Just let it end , please . That 's why I came this morning . No more back entrances . No more secret appointments . You 're right , Dot .
R276	|| Ongoing The Commission is working with the network of international development banks in coordinating technical assistance to third countries , promoting reforms and compounding their public procurement systems || Ongoing The Commission will consider the necessary adjustments and feasibility of e - procurement in the context of EU external assistance instruments || Ongoing [ 1 ] Digital Agenda for Europe , COM(2010 ) 245 ( p. 32 ) . See , over there ? Fourth floor . within each frequency grouping , undesirable effects are presented in order of decreasing seriousness . The most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel alone are : neutropenia ( which was reversible and not cumulative ; the median day to trough was 7 days and the median duration of severe neutropenia ( < 500 cells / mm3 ) was 7 days ) , anaemia , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , stomatitis , diarrhoea and asthenia . The severity of adverse events of docetaxel may be increased when docetaxel is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . For combination with trastuzumab , adverse events ( all grades ) reported at ≥ 10 % are listed . There was an increased incidence of serious adverse events ( 40 % vs. 31 % ) and Grade 4 adverse events ( 34 % vs. 23 % ) in the trastuzomab combination compared to docetaxel monotherapy . Richter hoped the fugitive would n't hear it ; he wanted to surprise him .
R277	too , I think it 's a very good thing . I 'm so pleased to hear you say that . Did you ever hear this old song , " If you 're going to one wedding , wait for another " ? Maybe you and I should find out what 's true about that . Come on , James , we 've got to go ! Leaving . He 's leaving and maybe forever . What do you mean ? Your mother and father , what will they say ? I 'm sure they 'll be very happy for James . but my dowry is so small . No . We 're in the atari . Hey , what 's that ? It 's a game , it 's called Go . It means you 're out of options . There 's only one left , whether you like it or not . So the atari is bad ? With platinum and peroxide , there 's no shortage of blondes these days . She 's natural . I wonder how you know that . Keep up , Julia , do n't rush it . Decently and gently . God , I ca n't drink that . Julia , please do n't . he 's got a very good scene at the beginning . I 'm sorry , but I ca n't go without my coffee . Well done !
R278	He bought a small farm near Delvin Forest , southwest of the capital . When the terror began , he stayed there . It was rumored that the Joinings were stealing women , but Galand knew she had never loved him . . . and the village boy had disappeared the same day . There were reports that the former Dragon officers were arrested , and that Baris himself had been captured . Galanda was not surprised - he always suspected Ceska would turn out to be a tyrant . Man of the people ! When did any of his stinking class take care of the people ? a farm was thriving , and Galand had bought an adjacent land from one widower . The widower had gone to Vagria - he had a brother in Drenan who had warned him of the impending changes - and Galand had bought the country for a bug . Then the soldiers came . The new law said that people without title could own only four acres of the earth . The state bought the rest at a price that the grandmother looked like a royal reward . Nice to meet you . Have fun here . We 're glad we could welcome you here . Well , you dress up nicely . Enjoy the party . Thank you , Miss Benton . That 's easy for her to say .
R279	Come with me . Did you talk to Vega ? What is it ? Vega wants us to kidnap Grayson Montrose , take him by ferry and drop him off at a deserted warehouse off Highway 32 . I know . Wow , that 's something . DJay , put a couple more demos in the car , will you ? That 's great . D. " Sitting in the window . " " Secrets , adventure . " " A secret from the knight " ? " He 's in the window . " She called them your adventure . " Even though it 's night , it 's still a bright day . " It 's gon na be ... it 's gon na be a glowing light . Someone delivered it to you last night . Respect you ? I need to transfer to the police station the longest to Las Vegas , Nevada , immediately . Hi . This is Dr. Spencer Reid with a team to compile a psychological profile at Quantico . We 're looking for a criminal who shot one of our agents yesterday , and I think he might know my mother and I believe he 's in danger . Yes . If it does n't work , we 're gon na go arrest her . is at the Pacific Palms Hotel , room 605 . All right . Did you find a good place for a package ? You mean Hightower ?
R280	we said we were going to call her a package . You know what 's weird ? I 'll have a sugar - free latte . the same to me . Have you seen Grace ? Yeah ? It 's okay , honey . I was riding a bicycle . I need to talk to you , Daniel , alone . Is that a secret you have to tell me ? I 'm sorry , Daniel . I have n't been a good lawyer lately . What 's the secret that is n't a secret ? The state 's attorney informed me that he wanted to offer you a deal . It would have been the time of your time , plus 10 more years . would they go to 3 ? I can try . How about two ? Of course . And you 're gon na end up cheating . I do n't care , you hear . Now get out ! Mary ! Mary , why are n't you at the waitress school ? You 're not gon na give me any of this . And you know why ? No one owns Buddy Briggs ! I believe you . That 's why I won you in the poker game . a screwdriver . Something to drink ? Article 61 1 .
R281	If we are caught in a labyrinth , I think it would be logical to systematically eliminate all paths that do not lead to a target . that will increase the chances of one of us getting there . As you wish , Commander . Tell me , Tuvok , what does your logic say about navigation in a maze that changes shape ? and that 's not all , we also lost Neelix . It 's likely they 're stuck in other parts . completely cut off from the communication system . Right , Ensign , it 's clear that this place will not be intact forever . How much time do we have ? Based on the implosion velocity , I 've calculated that the ring will begin to deform this deck in 68 minutes . is the ring some kind of weapon ? If we do n't try it right now , we 're gon na die anyway . Description of selected adverse reactions * In clinical studies and post - marketing experience , rare cases of suicidal ideation and behaviour , including suicide , have been reported . Patients and caregivers should be instructed to notify the prescriber of any suicidal ideation ( see also section 4.4 ) . Healthcare professionals are asked to report any suspected adverse reactions via the national reporting system listed in Appendix V. Large PROJECT ANNEX XXI : INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT ANNEX XXII : PRODUCTIVE INVESTMENT
R282	Subject : Maternity allowance Answer from the Commission ( 16 June 2009 ) She let go . You needed your sister . He turned it down . Approve what ? but he would like to meet you in person , if possible . In the north . In Hedestad . to do what ? And beautiful . My brothers and their wives , children and grandchildren have gathered here for our annual dinner together . I really do n't remember what I was doing , what was more important to me , but I told her to wait a while . The police , the ambulance , the firemen , the reporters , the photographers , and the city quickly arrived , and so did our family rushing to the bridge on our side of the island . And only we were coming back from our side back to the house . The main components of other liabilities are as follows : Cargo to be carried on an aircraft shall be protected from unauthorised interference from the point at which the security checks are applied until the departure of the aircraft in which it is to be carried . Urban In 2005 , 20 thematic networks were approved , focusing on various topics . Partner cities are 179 , including 36 cities in the new Member States .
R283	Consequently , the General Court may , in the exercise of its unlimited jurisdiction , substitute its own assessment of the gravity of the infringement at issue by the Commission in the exercise of its unlimited jurisdiction and , where appropriate , amend the percentage fixed for the purposes of the application of points 19 and 25 of the Guidelines . This medicine does not require any special storage conditions . 6.5 Nature and contents of container Opaque blisters ( PVC / PE / PVDC and aluminium ) . packs of 14 , 28 , 30 , 56 , 84 , 90 or 98 film - coated tablets and 50 x 1 film - coated tablets in perforated unit dose blisters . I brought him something . Can I talk to him ? Mr. Bonney ? Mr. Bonney ? It 's me , Moultrie . Remember ? " Gather around the flag . " Mr. Bonney , I gave you an obituary from the newspaper . souvenirs from the West . You helped me , so I brought you something , Mr. Bonney . a box of biscuits . Clean underwear . The guards can check it . Do you want to read , Mr. Bonney ? Okay , let 's see how all the cameras work . and all six bombs are in place . My daughter . Mrs. Alais , should I dedicate myself to you ? Later , Rixende . When I get back from the river . Alice ? What happened ?
R284	The Commission and the EFTA Surveillance Authority essentially argue that Article 5 of Regulation No 1/2003 does not allow the NCAs to adopt a declaratory decision finding that Articles 101 TFEU and 102 TFEU are not applicable . Only the Commission has such jurisdiction . In addition , allowing an NCA to declare that Articles 101 TFEU and 102 TFEU are not applicable - in so far as it may be guaranteed that the conduct of an undertaking is lawful - may , in addition to the fact that it requires significant administrative resources , discourage the victims of acts which they consider to be unlawful from the lodging of individual actions against the originator and thus discourage it from contributing to the private application of EU competition law ; No 1/2003 is intended to promote the application of this right through private actions under private law ) . On the second question , the Commission submits that Article 5 of Regulation No 1/2003 is directly applicable . The EFTA Surveillance Authority argues that , in a situation such as that of the case before the national court in which the conditions for a prohibition decision are not met , Articles 3(1 ) and 5 of Regulation No 1/2003 impose an obligation on NCAs on the application of Article 102 TFEU by terminating the administrative procedure which it leads by decision finding that there is no reason for its action . Mr. Belkin , we sent the money .
R285	I was n't even twenty then . University , Perestroika , America , Coca - Cola . I got married , then I got divorced . First I worked in New York at Escort Service , that 's on the phone . Bibliographic notice Bibliographic notice + Text ( bilingual display ) html pdf 34 - 34 ( BG , ES , CS , DA , DE , ET , EL , EN , FR , IT , LV , LT , HU , MT , NL , PL , PT , RO , SK , SL , FI , SV ) Bibliographic notice Bibliographic notice + Text ( bilingual display ) html pdf C2009/056/03 unchallenged concentration ( Case COMP / M.5475 - Atlantia / Acciona / Itínere Chilean Assets ) Text with EEA relevance The Tribunal divided the complaints into two groups , taking the view that the grounds set out in the first group were called into question by the statement of reasons for the contested decision by reason of its inaccuracy , whereas the grounds included in the second group did not concern the grounds of the statement of reasons .
R286	In so far as relevant for the purposes of the present case , the General Court concluded that the appellant had not succeeded in demonstrating that the Commission erred in refusing access to the documents in order to protect the purpose of its investigation , so that it was not necessary to consider whether there had been an error even where the Commission had relied on the objective of protecting the decision - making processes . IV - The appeal 24 . ( A ) an erroneous interpretation of the concepts of investigations' within the meaning of the third indent of Article 4(2 ) of Regulation No 1049/2001 ; ( B ) an erroneous assessment of the concept of ' overriding public interest' within the meaning of Article 4(1 ) and ( 4 ) of the Aarhus Convention . of Regulation No 1049/2001 , paragraph 2 , in fine , of Regulation No 1049/2001 . v - Procedure before the Court A - First ground of appeal 25 . First ground of appeal is divided into two parts . The first of these questions the reasons which led the General Court to conclude that the studies at issue fall within the scope of an investigation conducted by the Commission . According to ClientEarth , the concept of ' investigation' means the existence of a formal decision of the Commission which in the present case could constitute an infringement procedure .
R287	I 'm in charge here , and I 'm gon na fix the tanks . So if I were you , I 'd spend less time avoiding work , and I 'd try not to get myself into the games more . Is that clear ? open in new window Lock Panels information terminal locations control enclosures close left view enclosures close right view Split Split View Ladies and gentlemen , it is our pleasure here at Loftus Versfeld to welcome our newly elected president , Mr. Nelson Mandela . Yeah . Yeah , of course . Why did n't you stop him ? You can try by yourself next time . This is n't our game ! ... we need to focus ! Mr. President , do n't get your hopes up . and not because they lost , but because we can no longer ignore the fact that we are completely unprepared to join the world rugby point . No , thank you , Mary . Here , take it , it 's yours . For them , the Gazelles still represent apartheid . Medicinal product subject to medical prescription . Benedict said , " The Cold War is over , Northern Ireland is stable . " This could be very bad news for the Bureau . " We are at a time when the interests of the government and the interests of the country are identical . It does n't fit any of the cigarette paper . I do n't ... disagree .
R288	Why not ? I have to say , for all the parties involved , it could make a huge contribution . A moving steering lever scrub against a fixed part of the chassis . Trust me . I want to get rid of him . But you wo n't see it until I see the chip . a lot of black - market stores usually have the same course . First , the payment has to be checked . these standard procedures are designed to ensure that , on one hand , the agreement does not fail . but that does n't stop some people from getting a little insurance . Charlie ! Mom ! Charlie . Come here , baby . Come here . His hand is fine . - a joint analysis of economic issues of common interest , including the development of an economic policy framework and instruments for its implementation ; - promoting wider cooperation aimed at accelerating the transfer of know - how and access to new technologies . At the request of the authorities of Montenegro , the Community may provide assistance to support the efforts of Montenegro . Cooperation will also aim at strengthening the rule of law in the business sector through the creation of a stable and non - discriminatory commercial law framework . cooperation in this field will also include an exchange of information on the principles and functioning of the European Economic and Monetary Union .
R289	It should also enable statistical authorities in Montenegro better meet the needs of its customers in the country ( both from the public and the private sector ) . In particular , the Parties shall cooperate to ensure the credibility of individual data , the gradual increase of data collection and transmission to the European Statistical System , the provision of information on methods , the transfer of know - how and training . Article 91 Banking , insurance and other financial services Cooperation between Montenegro and the Community focuses primarily on priority areas related to the Community acquis in the fields of banking , insurance and financial services . The Parties will cooperate with a view to establishing and developing an appropriate framework of support for the banking , insurance and financial services in Montenegro , based on fair competition practices to ensure the necessary level playing field . Article 92 Internal control and external audit cooperation Cooperation between the Parties shall focus primarily on priority areas related to the Community acquis in the field of public internal financial control ( PIFC ) and external audit . You think you can trust a man like that ? his son is dying . I hope we can help each other . Look , I 'll do whatever it takes to get my daughter back , whatever . All right . I 'll help you find Barbara Stritzke . Legion gets a comb . You brought him all the way here ?
R290	Stay close to him , get his trust . Attention ... Show me ... Trevor , what 's wrong ? But I thought you were gon na try . I 'd love to do that for you . You know who it is . Give her another chance . I 'll pass it on . But I ca n't do this . that 's why it 's the right thing to do . If you help your mom , even if you 're mad at her ... But I think you can . if you wanted to do something huge ... Nothing is easy . You want to shake your hand ? Hi , Ricky . or I could suck your ass ? Damn it ! Chelios ? Is that a fucking Chelios ? You should have cut me to pieces as long as you could . Have you figured it out yet ? I 'm starting to like the shit you ran into me . I 'm gon na ... It 's the Fairport Convention . That 's nice . In fact , you should only listen to it when you 're dancing . It 's one of the rules . I thought so . I 'd offer you a drink , but they found my last hiding place . It was on the roof , it seemed like a good skip . they 're pretty good . The head must be clean to hear what your heart wants to say .
R291	Tell me what 's going on ? I want to know what 's going on , and I want to know right now ! It would be easy to overcome , just not completely stupid . The guards are escorting Randy down the hall and through some inmates , which does n't apply to him , because he 's already filled out the forms and handed over his personal belongings in another prison . There will be big , scary metal doors and passageways where it does n't smell much , and you can hear the usual prison noise . There 's a guard passageway along the iron cage . He noticed . Kick - Ass ... It 's so weird . Hi . I do n't want to be an unwelcome visit . I just wanted to check and see if everything was okay ... ... because after the tasting , it was a little tense with relatives . No . There 's no tension here . Can I be FRANK ? Of course , I 'm Frank . I 'm sorry for the pun ... ... but at this time of our course , I usually find that many couples ... ... resort to sex as a quick solution to their problems . I just want to make sure you 're strong enough to resist the temptation . we are . Yeah . Do n't you feel uncomfortable , Ben ? No , I do n't feel uncomfortable talking about sex , no .
R292	Especially if you 're sitting in my living room talking sex ... ... it could be a little awkward for me . Dad ? ! Dad ? ! Dad ? ! What are you doing here ? It 's midnight and it 's 30 out . Are n't you cold ? So what are you doing here ? I did n't want to distract myself . I can see that . What 's your name ? We have to get him out of here . Really ? Marvin Drake is the most respected religious leader in the country . How do I tell the congregation ? Your children will never know , and the pastor 's legacy will remain intact . We 'll take care of that . Harrison , Anna has to shut up . pay her whatever it takes . Huck , what are you gon na need to take care of this ? latex gloves , a 24-inch saw , a skull cleaver , an industrial meat cleaver , three dozen solid garbage bags , 10 towels , a 30-foot film of foil and two extra black coffee . You mean the building killed him ? The building is designed to kill anyone who takes steps in a particular order . What the hell for ? You say his son is guarding the place . Can he offer something useful ? It 's clearly the aftermath of some brain injury .
R293	To find out who owns the land . It 's already happened . he had to have stonemasons , craftsmen . when there are stains and plaster icons , people make them . - People with an address . Good point , sir . Ladies . Julio . I 'm afraid Margaret ca n't . She 's busy writing . Is n't it exciting ? The first wife of the British Empire will join the campaign as a candidate . The national visa centre has direct access . Place of birth : Surobi district , Kabul province , Afghanistan . Date of UN designation : 23.2.2001 . Date of designation referred to in Article 6(1)(b ) : 23.2.2001 . Abdul Ghafar Shinwari . Calculation of the area control values For the three control points selected according to paragraph 2.7.6 , the NO x emissions shall be measured and calculated according to paragraph 4.6.1 and also determined by interpolation from the test cycle modes closest to the corresponding control point according to paragraph 4.6.2 . The measured values are then compared to the interpolated values according to paragraph 4.6.3 . Calculation of the specific emissions The NO x emission for each of the control points Z shall be calculated as follows : Mom ? Dad and I are talking here right now . Is something wrong ? No . Is n't it , Joe ? Everything 's fine . Go to sleep , honey . Dad ? Just go .
R294	You bitch , I 'll count this for you . Go ahead . You want to keep stomping on me ? You try it again , one of us will end up in the kennel . Having an actual alcoholic strength by volume exceeding 13 % vol but not exceeding 15 % vol : 12,1 € /hl . Having an actual alcoholic strength by volume exceeding 15 % vol but not exceeding 18 % vol : 15,4 € /hl . Having an actual alcoholic strength by volume exceeding 18 % vol but not exceeding 22 % vol : 20,9 € /hl . Of an actual alcoholic strength by volume exceeding 22 % vol : 1,75 € /% vol / hl . In September 1997 , the Productschap Zuivel informed Vonk that it had received the AID protocol and attached a copy of it . have you ever killed anyone ? No , I did n't do anything . I 'm unjustly here , you know . I 'm innocent . I thought it would be hard to murder my parents , but it was n't . a round hammer . Prisoner number 97G414 , Donald Groves . sentenced June 3 , ' 97 . sentences : life life I think I should kill Director Glynn . What ? You know what you should do ?
R295	This appropriation is intended to cover the impact of any adjustments to remuneration which are decided by the Council during the financial year . Chapter 1 2 - MISCELLANEOUS EXPENDITURE UNITED AS NEW STAFF AND TRANSMISSION TO OTHER SURVEILLANCE Miscellaneous expenditure on recruiting and transfer to new staff Miscellaneous expenditure on recruiting new staff Appropriations 2005 Appropriations 2004 Outturn 2003 Remarks Staff Regulations applicable to 31 and 33 . This appropriation is intended to cover expenditure on recruitment procedures . This appropriation is intended to cover travel expenses due to staff ( including their members of staff ) entering or leaving the service . This appropriation is intended to cover the provision of allowances for staff obliged to change their place of residence after taking up their appointment or when they definitively cease their duties and settle on their duties . removal expenses Removal expenses Appropriations 2005 Appropriations 2004 Outturn 2003 Remarks Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities and in particular Articles 20 and 71 thereof and Article 9 of Annex VII thereto . This appropriation is intended to cover the removal costs of such staff obliged to change their place of residence after taking up their appointment or when they definitively cease their duties and settle on their duties . Temporary daily subsistence allowances Temporary daily subsistence allowances Appropriations 2005 Appropriations 2004 Outturn 2003 Remarks Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities , and in particular Articles 20 and 71 thereof and Article 10 of Annex VII thereto .
R296	Chapter 1 3 - MISSIONS AND DUTY TRAVEL Missions and missions Mission , travel and other exceptional expenses Appropriations 2005 Appropriations 2004 Outturn 2003 Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover travel expenses , per diems on the implementation of the mission and exceptional or ancillary expenses issued by statutory staff during the mission carried out in order to perform the tasks carried out in accordance with the the provisions of the Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities . This appropriation also covers missions from Member States' or international experts assigned to the Agency . Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover the costs related to the management by an external undertaking of the common canteen , as well as the cost of certain equipment for the canteen . In December 2002 it was agreed that 10 new countries would join the EU in 2004 . We leave behind the old division of Europe and consolidate peace , democracy and prosperity across the continent . Media Postcard 11 x 15,5 cm Catalog number : NA-34 - 00 - 738 - 1F - D Single copy Subscription Every university has many such types , it is easier to dress as a rebel intellectual than indeed to be . " I 'm sorry , miss , " he said , " I did n't realize anyone was here . " " It 's all right . I 'll only wash in one washing machine , " she said .
R297	' multi - driver operations' means a situation where at least one other driver is present during driving times between two consecutive daily rest periods or between a daily rest period and a weekly rest period in the vehicle . During the first hour of multi - driver operations , the presence of an additional driver or driver is not mandatory but obligatory for the remainder of the period ; ' carrier ' means any natural or legal person , association or group of persons without legal personality , whether profit - making or not , or a body governed by public law with legal personality or subject to an authority having a legal personality engaged in road transport , whether or not for a foreign account , or for its own account ; ( p ) Economic sectors concerned : All economic sectors referred to in Article 1(1 ) of the exemption Regulation Name and address of the granting authority : " I - I did n't see you , professor . " " Funny how someone can be shortsighted once he 's invisible , " said Dumbledore , and Harry was relieved to find the professor smiling . Fever ≥38 ° C rectally ( age 2 to 5 years ) he finally raised his head . " Good . we stood up and walked to the car . I said the last thing I had to say .
R298	" I know that , " Damon said , getting in the car . " Forget house arrest . It 's urgent . What 's going on ? Ask Daniel . I 'm sure they 'll vouch for me . And you should n't , so let 's go . Instead of being rude to me , could you give her my name ? Please , they 're her favorite . Okay . When I was in the hospital , you never brought me flowers . But it 's true you got me there . So when , Lou - Lou ? You 've wasted so much time on this poor plan . Wait , you 're ordering Robin Scherbatsky . Why do n't you just say it ? One second , bartender . If I 'm not mistaken , the lady here ordered a drink called the Minnesota Whirlwind . Robin 's been ordering it so much lately that we named it after her . You named me a drink ? Look at the menu . I ca n't drink this . I 'm still boiling , but it 's better . All right , my 20-year - of - the - year self , tell me straight . Me . But I still think you 're too late . Okay , I 'm not gon na blame you anymore .
R299	The first vampires were made by Nature as well as the first humans , and as humans fed themselves to lower animals , so did vampires . they were all parasites in their own way , you know ? all the living things are . but while a man , to soothe his hunger , had to kill the animals , vampires did it differently ; they simply chose them as their hosts . and their prey did not die - but it became undead ! Wamphyri are no more unnatural than a leech or leech , or even a common flea ; except that their hosts do not die , but they become almost immortal , which is not possible in a normal parasitic relationship . And as a man evolved in a perfect host , he developed the powers of vampires , and in a moment , we began to dominate , he shared his position and the vampire with him . ' Symbiosis , ' said Dragosani . You are my doggie who loves his master , unlike others . and why not ? Obelix needs us , Obelix , even if he does n't know it yet . when he comes to us , we help him . the floor and the walls are uniquely greenish , the ceiling has a lighter shade . The walls are full of square doors that look like big vending machines at the bus station .
R300	it was the first corpse they had received that night ; fatal accidents on the highway usually occur between one and three in the morning . He and Bob Greenberg were a newcomer , and they hurried . Cody caught the door by the handle and pulled the plank out on the silent wheels . Empty . You just put a lot of unfamiliar words together . It 's a motorcycle . I found it on eBay . I won it over two assholes who are still bidding , but that 's still the main stealing . I think he needs some work , but it feels so good . You only live once , do n't you ? Well , I 'm happy for you . What about you ? What 's wrong with me ? that would make you happy ? Harry , I 'm here . No , no ... do n't wake her . Yeah . You know , you 're gon na be awkward if you 're the only one without a costume . Whatever you want . Sleep your two plaid shirts till the day you die . Hey , Wylie . Listen , I do n't know if you 've heard anything . But there 's talk around here that I love you . Really ? Well , you know , I wanted to tell you . . . . . .to know . . . . . .I do n't .
R301	Thank you for explaining it to me , though I did n't know anything about it . Thanks . Thank you very much . Did you know there was a bus crash on the highway yesterday ? [ 17 ] Candidate countries and , where applicable , potential candidate countries from the Western Balkans . He cleared it . Shit . Yeah . Good luck with that . Deb ... I 'm glad I could help . You cleaned . a little . Well , I hope I can still find shit . Are you hungry ? completely righteous . Well , I 'll eat and cook enough for you . Label FOR PACKAGE AND PACKAGE LEAFLET The system comprises at least the release unit that activates one or more airbag modules and the electric wiring wiring , if any . " Airbag " means a flexible material forming a enclosed space into which gas from the gas generator is received and which holds a passenger . ' Airbag module ' means the smallest assembly sub - assembly consisting of an energy source for development and from an airbag to be developed . ' Subsequent steering wheel ' ( equipped with an airbag module ) means a subsequent retrofitting steering wheel which is supplied to adjust a motor vehicle and which may vary from the original steering wheel provided by the vehicle manufacturer to the functional dimensions , shape or material . Only a fellow from such a big cock can grow such beautiful roses .
R302	Mother , may I come in ? This hotel is our house , Mother . We 've been walking those stairs with our eyes closed since we were little . It was an accident , there 's no time to find the guilty . This procedure will take a long time , so I suggest you get some rest . I 'll let you know as soon as I 'm done . I 'd rather stay . Mother , I , please-- - Alicia . I do n't even know why I married her . Hell , I ca n't tie a knot , it never comes straight . Thanks , Miguel . Oh , yeah . So , now the cuffs . No , we leave the left open , like I said , you have the answers . You remember it 's written there , do n't you ? Oh , yes , of course . the questions are always the same . So if you see them , it 's no problem . but you have to be careful and have your arm around your body so they do n't see . You 're not nervous , are you ? restraint . is that no virtue in you ? My virtue is sufficient to prevent me from stealing . Give me what 's mine . If you do n't , you 'll never be able to make promises . I 'll have to expel you . You could have saved it all .
R303	( b ) in accordance with the instructions given by the Member State(s ) concerned , transmit data , electronically in encrypted form , or physically in a secure manner ; ( d ) erase the data immediately after their dispatch and ensure that the only data that may be stored are the name and contact details of the applicant for the purpose of negotiating the meeting , as well as , where appropriate , the passport number of the applicant until the return of the passport to the applicant ; ( e ) to ensure all technical and organisational security measures required to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss , alteration , unauthorised disclosure or access , in particular where the cooperation involves the transmission of files and data to the diplomatic mission or consular post of the Member State(s ) concerned and all other unlawful forms of processing of personal data ; your witness . Get lost ! Understand ? Silence ! Attorney Plummer , I give you a fine of $ 10 for contempt . With pleasure , Your Honor . Can I continue with the interrogation ? No one denies you your right . according to you ... objection , Your Honor ! Sustained ! objection , Your Honor ! The question must be asked differently ! What the hell ? ! Ma'am , she 's lost her mind again . again ? Uh , " round cramps " ? That 's right .
R304	That 's a tremendous waste ! and she could keep him company . He would feed her , care for her , and take her with him , and take a look at the Old Ones and the Dead , and they could both be happy . " Where did she go ? " he asked . for some reason , the question worried him . they looked at each other . After a while Lurvy said , " She got into her ship , Wan . " " She flew back to Earth ? " " No . She has n't arrived yet . for the kind of ship she 's been flying , it 's a very long journey . We do n't know exactly where he is . What , 40 - 0 ? Thomson Financial and Reuters are global providers of financial information integrated with software tools and applications . They collect and disseminate market data content , including real - time market data , and provide analytical , trading and messaging functions needed by financial personnel . Okay ? Did the police contact you ? Yeah , the first thing they did . They drove me out of bed at 10:00 in the morning . They scared my Sheronda to death . She thought they were gon na take me for good . The stewardess ... you know her last name ? Brown . Jackie Brown . What did she do for you ?
R305	connection between the navigating bridge and the engine room ( R 37 ) engineers ' alarm ( R 38 ) location of emergency equipment ( R 39 ) machinery control ( R 31 ) Steam pipe systems ( R 33 ) air pressure systems ( R 34 ) protection against noise ( R 36 ) lifts PART D - ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT General ( R 40 ) Main source of electrical power and lighting ( R 41 ) This whole area will be burned until it implodes this sun into a black hole . that beautiful violet star ? It 's like you ca n't keep your balls at the end of the game . It 's hard , you could hurt yourself . Well , you were talking about the problem of communication between the material universe and the antimatter space . Exactly ! The gravitational force is so big that nothing gets out , so there 's no communication . but Kelvin has ... - What time is it ? Why ? I 'm hungry . That 's true . How 's that ? I do n't know ? You see her in a movie , do n't you ? Of course . Move over ! What are you ... what are you doing ? I 'm watching the game . Are you stealing my bag ? Why ? Do you have something good in it ? these are n't mine . but , yes , they are .
R306	( Text with EEA relevance ) EN Official Journal of the European Union C 131/2 Prior notification of a concentration ( Case COMP / M.3831 - Oranje - Nassau Group / SHV Holdings / Edinburg Oil & Gas ) ( 2005/C 131/02 ) ( Text with EEA relevance ) Under Article 69(4 ) of the Rules of Procedure , the Kingdom of Spain , which has intervened in the proceedings , is to bear its own costs . I propose that the Court should : it was on the landing ; it fell hard as it fell . at first she thought she was going to leave them there , but it meant something to her . it was the only human thing she had left , the only thing that spoke to her . it was possible that he might find others in the building , but she could not risk the silence . trying to get past the heavy fire door brought her more misery and bruises as she squeezed her hand , but finally fell on the carpet in the elevator hallway and stared at the acoustical ceiling above her . She rolled onto her stomach , listening intently for any movement . Quiet , quiet . Slowly , to save her strength , she scrambled from the corridor around the corner . Yeah , and I want to stay . See , I knew the Comebacks had a good morning last year .
R307	Yeah ! I will ! I will be such a secretary that you will beg me to work for you ! but ... but if you ask me what to do , what should I do ? Tell me what you think . If you give me a little more time , I 'll do it . When I give you time , will I need you ? Funny . Go home . What ? I did n't sleep . I ca n't write , so I do n't need anything from you . All you can do for me is to grind pencils and make coffee , even if you ca n't do it . Go home . That 's ... Done at Brussels , 10 January 2005 . This is police business . Okay . Cell phones would be more specific ? We want you for questioning on the murder of Laura Palmer . is this specific enough for you ? You can go voluntarily , or we can take you in handcuffs . Cooper , is this some kind of stupid joke ? Because if you do , I know a lot of people in high places . Go away . Come on , go . you-- Specifies the URL of the target system . Is everyone ready ? We arrested a man in connection with the murder of Timothy Lang this morning . This man has been charged with accusations , and will be held in court in the morning .
R308	Boss ? Shut up , Jimmy . Did he kill anyone else ? You ca n't just walk away ! So what ? I 'm serious . You either find a job or go back to school . I 'm giving you until Christmas . Under certain conditions ... you 're gon na get up like the rest of us , not lying in bed all morning . I 'm sorry , but we 're not home . if you want to leave a message for Fitz , ( 34 ) OJ L 275 , 19.10.2007 , p. 3 . Okay , we 're going together . Sorry I 'm late . At least I had time to scrub my nipples . Wow , you always do that when you expect company ? I was working on ceramics . Oh , oh ! Oh , I did n't know you were doing ... ... pots . Well , yeah , mostly acts . Oh . Of course . I do n't think that 's a good idea . Why not ? I do n't know if I can bring you closer to the pain when you 're giving up on a child . They say we 're Trotskyist fascists ! and you know it , you know it ! You know our papers were forbidden , journalists arrested , and now they 're rotting in torture chambers . He 's still talking about hell and purgatory . Lannisters have spies everywhere .
R309	I do n't want them to know I 'm coming . They have more men than we do . Yes , they do . I ca n't go with you ? I can ride now . You saw I could . and I 'm not gon na get in the way , I ... The Stark must always be at Winterfell . Until I come back , it 's gon na be you . Listen to Master Luwin . Watch out for the little brother . I will . I 'll send messages whenever I can , but if you do n't hear from me , do n't worry . Apologize to her on my behalf that I 've detained you all night . No need . is in India . Yes . every three months , when I 'm free and I can afford to buy a ticket . Is n't that hard ? What , ma'am ? to be married and be alone for so long . time does not matter . According to Table III of the original dossiers , which lists average data for the period 1966 - 1973 , the average annual precipitation total is approximately 700 mm . The total number of days with freezing temperatures is 2,1 and the average temperature values , particularly in winter , ensure the differentiation of the buds and sufficient blossom . Completion of programmes from prior to 2003 p.m. You come to school here ? I 'm Jane . Jane ?
R310	Because I saw you on the bus the other day . and you are ? Calogero . Italian , actually Sicilian . Our family is from Sicily . Sicily ? Well , you know how Italy looks like a shoe , and the island that 's kicking it is Sicily . I love Italians . Here . You do n't look beautiful ! ? Oh , my Sunny Muffins , you 're my best friend . Sunny Muffins . pegas . Your name is Sunny Muffins . Oh , God ! God , why ? Sunny Muffins . Say it ! You son - of - a - bitch ! Come on . Say it . The Agency shall cooperate with national regulatory authorities and transmission system operators to ensure the compliance of regulatory frameworks between the regions with a view to creating a competitive internal market in electricity . If the Agency considers that binding rules on such cooperation are necessary , it shall make appropriate recommendations . at the top of the list of identified members of the Eye of God was Andrew Fontine . God 's eye . Good boys , Adrian thought . Where a complaint is rejected , the candidate may refer the case to the European Union Civil Service Tribunal under Article 236 of the EC Treaty and Article 91 of the Staff Regulations of Officials of the European Communities and the Conditions of Employment of Other Servants of the European Communities ; the European Union Civil Service Service
R311	uniforms have always been expensive . Look what that uniform looks like . I 'm gon na have to raise the price 'cause it 's a uniform . I work at the dry cleaners . Go . Why are you like this , sir ? 25,000 won ? Yeah , yeah , yeah . What 's up , man ? It 's impossible to get a job over the week , so I waited and booked it here a month in advance . No . You 're all I ever wanted . Even wild dogs could n't take me away from you . You do realize he 's only six ? Even I do n't go down Burnside alone . The EESC points out that this discussion has been more or less inconclusive for many years . With a delay of three years , the Commission presented its Green Paper on market - based instruments for environment and related policies at the end of March 2007 , with a new impetus to the debate . In the context of progress reports , the Committee will ensure that this issue , which is so important for sustainable development , is stirred up . The EESC welcomes this and calls on the Commission to devote a broad scope to this chapter in the progress report and to make concrete proposals on how it can be implemented .
R312	The EESC also welcomes the announcement that ' by 2008 , the Commission should submit a plan for the reform of subsidies , by sector which has significant negative effects on the environment and incompatible with sustainable development' . In its earlier opinions , the EESC has repeatedly pointed out that it is important for citizens , businesses and other stakeholders to have a clear picture of what specific policy plans are and why . only then will people be willing to take an active part in this necessary process and support it . Well ... Dad . All right , do me a favor . Just do me a favor . I love you . " Antonio wants you to come home ? every day I realize that we are so far away . It 's weird . You live with someone for years , and then you realize you do n't know each other . I do n't know Antonia . I 'm glad you trust me . costs incurred in submitting observations to the Court , other than the costs of those parties , are not recoverable . Son of a gun , we only take orders from Santa . Why do n't you ask your South Polar friends for help ? Merry Christmas to you down there , stuck on the ground ! Great . There goes our ride home . We 'll fly . Skipper , you 're a penguin . and these reindeer have some kind of magical power .
R313	The only magic thing on these Northmen is that tank full of glittering dust . Now go find the Great Red , and we 'll get this baby in the air . ( h ) Shetab Trading Acting on behalf of Yasa Part . A radiator is placed on the top of the pole in such a way that the radiating area is horizontal and the radiation is directed downwards . The pillar shall be provided with a lever / pedal with the aim of slowly lifting the radiator carrier . It should also be equipped with a device for the possible interception of the radiator so that the radiator can be returned to its normal position . In normal position , the axis of the radiator , the holder of the sample and the receptacle shall be parallel . If you 'd asked me , I could have given it to you , Mercedes . very simple : you will talk ... and I must know ... that what you say is true . It 's better if you go with me without resistance . armed groups are hiding in the mountains , still fighting the new fascist regime . Have you seen my mother ? We 'll block access to the mountains . Food and medicine . I want three new checkpoints . Here , here and here . Mercedes , Tell the doctor to come see me . The wound 's not getting better . It 's too bad with the leg .
R314	For a company with a ' weak' rating , a credit margin according to the range indicated in the Reference Rate Communication must be added to the base rate , depending on the collateral offered from 220 basis points for high collateral to 650 basis points for low collateral . In December 2005 , [ ... ] assessed ÅI on B - ( ' satisfactory ' ) , which corresponds to a ' satisfactory ' rating within the meaning of the Reference Rate Communication . Finland provided additional information on the rating and borrowing of the loans on 27 June 2011 . The rating was established by [ ... ] , i.e. a bank providing non - guaranteed loans to ÅI and two guaranteed loans . The rating is easily comparable to the rating scale set out in the Reference Rate Communication . since 2005 , it has provided a rating of [ ... ] , a consultancy company similar to [ ... ] . In 2003 and 2004 , [ ... ] appraised ÅI on B - ( satisfactory ) and A ( satisfactory ) , which corresponds to a ' satisfactory ' rating within the meaning of the Reference Rate Communication . This means that for the years 2003 and 2004 , [ ... ] appraised ÅI by one category higher than [ ... ] .
R315	For 2005 , [ ... ] rated ÅI as A ( satisfactory ) , which corresponds to a ' satisfactory' rating according to the Reference Rate Communication , and therefore classifies ÅI in the same category as [ ... ] . The Commission is of the opinion that a company rating [ ... ] should be used when assessing whether guarantees G - I , G - II and G - III have been granted on market terms . The Commission therefore considers it appropriate to use a more conservative rating established by [ ... ] . This has an impact for 2004 and 2005 , since for these two years [ ... ] , the company [ ... ] assessed ÅI by one category lower than [ ... ] . Can we use your bathroom and clear her leg ? OK . Just for a little while , please . Here . I got it . Here you go . have you ever been vaccinated for tetanus ? I 'll be sick . Excuse me . Esmaile , the bandage . OK . I do n't want to destroy your towel . Here . I use it for skateboarding . ( c ) relevant criteria for compliance with certain specific conditions resulting from Article 10 and additional provisions resulting from Article 11 ; ( e ) consistency with current , ongoing or planned procedures in other Member States and possible effects on trade between Member States .
R316	' That 's really amazing ! ' said Moist , feeling something like this happen . Adora Belle still had a dreamy , distant look . ' I think so , ' said Moist . ' We were about to pack up anyway , you know , ' said Ponder . " That wo n't do us any good if we take the Foot on the way . " he took a large megaphone from the shelf by the door and raised it to his mouth . What ? What did we miss ? It 's under your nose all the time , " doctor . " Three - sided pollen , prominent grooves ? you stay there . stroke ... Does our father know what a stroke looks like ? Respect your words . Of course . The top is decorated with a life - sized statue of Jesus , bearing a cross that looks at least as heavy as one of the stairs . So what does Shaftoe have to complain about ? Then Glory says , " Now take me down to remember the story . " " You think I 'm a horny Marine who ca n't remember a story unless she 's a pretty girl ? " I was at the top of my happiness . When I was finished , I went back to the bench with a feeling of well - done work .
R317	It brought me to the high school of gymnastic type , where I played rugby and studied physics , chemistry , and biology . then I wrote a five - year study of veterinary medicine at Glasgow University in Scotland . In the 1950s , a tremendous change in the healing of animals occurred in the 1950s . But teaching at the university is one thing , and nurturing animals under natural conditions -- in the fields lashed by wind and in poorly lighted barns -- the other . That 's why we had to spend the vacation on the practice we used to say . Two glasses are n't so much . Filter find firmware version firmware flat Fluorescent focal length ( mm ) sample rate frame Solid GPS strength GPS status GPS system Relax , I 've been drinking , too . I ca n't believe this ! Anonymous alcoholics are doing it . They tried , but I do n't believe in God . He 'll be devastated when he finds out . Hello ! The physician educational pack should contain a checklist of safety measures , summary of product characteristics and package leaflet . the checklist of security operations should highlight the following : The risk of teratogenicity and appropriate recommendation to minimise this risk :  women of childbearing potential should be advised to use adequate contraceptive
R318	In the same vein , given the diagnosis of the inefficiency used so far , together with the 60 or 70 priorities of the former texts , it is proposed that three or four priorities should be set in parallel for each country and one common that would constitute an administrative reform . In addition , in order to take greater account of the specific conditions of the Member States , the European Union could also approve more flexible and decentralised management modes , at the same time requiring complete transparency and precision . In this form , the control procedure must be carried out in a homogeneous framework adopted by all relevant instances . On the other hand , the EESC expresses its concern , given the growing gap between commitments and payments . It is estimated that this difference will reach EUR 188 billion at the end of the 2007 - 2013 financial year , or a budget for one year . It offers the possibility of extending the payment by one year of the commitments entered into under the Structural Funds ( amendment of the n+2 rule to n+3 ) , which could be used and used in a more balanced way in a more balanced way and avoiding time pressure , which appears to be a more reasonable and effective method .
R319	In reality , as a result of the strengthening of the capacity of all countries and the improvement of national GNP , the Community budget will also be compensated by greater contributions from individual Member States ( a percentage calculation from a larger base ) . It would certainly be difficult to measure an increase that the 15 countries can count on as a result of multiplying the effects of the development of new countries and the integration of their markets into the single European market . In addition , the EESC believes that , in order to ensure the distribution of EU resources in line with the primary objective of convergence , priority must be given to the needs of the new Member States , where most of the less developed regions are located , and where the process of integration has not yet been completed . m_2001011EN.01003601.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 11/36 COUNCIL DECISION 2011/18/CFSP of 14 January 2011 amending Council Decision 2010/656/CFSP renewing restrictive measures against Côte d'Ivoire THE COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN UNION , Having regard to the Treaty on European Union , and in particular Article 29 thereof , Whereas Legal basis Council Regulation ( EC ) On 29 October 2010 , the Council adopted Decision 2010/656/CFSP renewing the restrictive measures against Côte d'Ivoire ( 1 ) .
R320	On 17 December 2010 , the European Council invited all Ivorian leading civilian and military representatives who had not yet done so to accept the powers of the democratically elected President Alassan Ouattara . On 22 December 2010 , the Council adopted Decision 2010/801/CFSP ( 2 ) amending Decision 2010/656/CFSP in order to introduce travel restrictions against those who obstruct the peace process and national reconciliation , and in particular those who jeopardise the successful completion of the electoral process . On 14 January 2011 , the Council adopted Decision 2011/17/CFSP ( 3 ) amending Decision 2010/656/CFSP in order to include additional persons in the list of persons subject to travel restrictions . Due to the gravity of the situation in Côte d'Ivoire , further restrictive measures should be imposed on those persons . Captain , this is the hold . Barnes , come here ! I saw that in the pictures . Wait a minute , he 's right . Kryptonite ! I remember reading about it in an interview with him . Where do we take it ? on the planet where Superman is ... and where 's Krypton ? Nowhere . It exploded a few years ago . You see something I know . Wait a minute . What 's left when a planet explodes ... The only hope - though it seemed unlikely that the Jophur would be fooled a second time .
R321	The two races were apparently doomed to remain indoors , for some other fate , undoubtedly for both the most unfavorable . I meant imagination . - that 's what I had in mind . Dad , can you try my proposal first ? The others are documents that I would n't be wearing . Not that I know the difference . Have I restored my ... ? Forget it . To determine the value of a business ... to determine the value of insurance for the purpose of counter - insurance insurance . Why do n't you do it now ? Yes , you can keep a secret ? Do n't worry , the relationship between us will be very discreet . Eric ! Are you ready for a game of marbles ? Mr. Magorium . Is this normal ? ' The whole universe is dominated by gravity , it 's the most important factor in the development of matter ! How could she be so weak compared to the others ? and magic -- " Mars laughed as his speech on Norton worked . " It 's absurd , is n't it ? If a neutron was a millimeter away , they would never feel the power , just as your clock would n't feel the intervention of my sword if you held them far enough .
R322	Good to see you . You have a nice suit . Did you come to see your grandmother , Cal ? We call him Calum . What do you mean ? His name is Calum . You want something to drink ? " You Stole The Sun From My Heart . " Let 's go , I want to see everyone dance . Hi . How are you ? Good to see you . How have you been ? I 'm not used to being rescued . No . You 've all failed ! You disobeyed orders , you deviated from the plan , and if Hank had n't left his position , the intruder would have been ours . I tried to save my wife ! It was n't your job . Yeah ? Well , good luck if you win without us , Fury . A promising message , General . I think we 're finally done . Okay . Prepare him for all 12 candidates . 12 ? Banner , are you ready or not ? I am . Go ahead . Okay . I 'll be your quarterback , go ahead . I am . Go . Go ahead . ... you can do it . Okay , I ca n't . Go . I ca n't ... Oh , shit . by embracing ? Are you kidding me ? Excuse me ? Did you ... ? Did you get that from your workbook ?
R323	I got it from the workbook , okay ? it 's a very enlightened chapter . Dumbledore placed Harry on his feet , and he saw the little golden statues of the homemade dwarf and the goblin leading through the hallway of apparently shocked Cornelius Fudge . ' He was here ! ' called the ponytail , dressed in scarlet robes , pointing at a pile of gold ruins on the other side of the hall , where Bellatrix had just been lying there . Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on 23 December 2010 . Done at Brussels , 22 December 2010 . action Mechanical control rotor machine blocking function machines rotor retracted device connection up to what age can a child benefit from a maintenance allowance ? in which the law of the Republic of Ireland is applicable ? If this law is not applicable , which law will the courts of Ireland apply ? 5.a ) How do I apply for maintenance from this organisation or government department ( central or local ) , and what procedures apply ? If the applicant plans to bring the case to court , how does he / she know which court has jurisdiction ? Does the applicant have to go through an intermediary ( e.g. a lawyer , specific organisation or government department ( central or local ) etc . ) ? If so , how much are they likely to be ?
R324	The Portuguese was Fatima , the revelation , the virgin , the shepherd . what only Pobe could hear . Look , we believed it . so they made a Recalling Life Marie Goretti . I 'm worrying about it . Ines Orsini . The immortal Ines Orisini ! How could I forget ? Me at the Jesuits at Brebeuf . and I 'm in the seminary in Chicoutimi . I 'm using it for backup , so that 's why he has to stay here . Your brothers Richard and Harald were in a Nazi group in the 1930s . That 's actually the point where you get into it . It happened that summer before Harriet disappeared . Henrik said you were abroad . They did n't let us come here when we were little . That was forbidden . I found Harriet 's diary in her father 's house . Yes , but it did n't help . What about the five phone numbers ? The phones were a mystery . 32 could be Hedestad 's prefix . This summer , I retired . until now , I could have let it go . The negotiations were delayed due to the constraints encountered by the Lebanese government and , in view of the further clarification required by the Lebanese Government , before giving its agreement to the wording of the Protocol .
R325	The most important provisions of this Protocol relate to the accession of the new Member States to the EU - Lebanon Association Agreement and the inclusion of the new official languages of the EU . Annex III and do n't worry , I 'll find out . Of course . for you , sir . Cab number two . Wait . The good news is , I checked the old lady 's book , and three of her cutters were signed by the LCF . so he does n't turn in smoke . Good . You 're thinking well . When the two copies disappeared , your mission ended . Where 's what ? Would I be here if I took it ? you should know that by now . It 's unforgivable . No , sir . We 're not supposed to associate with them . and comes and goes . ( d ) the provisions set out in Article 13 ( Aviation Safety ) and Article 14 ( Aviation Security ) are not respected or implemented ; or ( e ) a Contracting Party has established in accordance with Article 7 ( Competitive environment ) that conditions of a competitive environment are not respected . Okay ? Can you serve sugar ? Then , I looked at her , and she laughed . very , very clear , tell me . Your fathers asked me to leave , Matt . What did you tell her ?
R326	I do n't know what that girl means to you , Matt , but she 's not who you think she is . I had intelligent questions about my research , but they could n't handle it . I feel sorry for you , Matt . You do n't even think about taking that weirdo to my wedding . I do n't trust my eyes . Believe . She 's a racist . You 're a critical asshole . some things just do n't change , do they ? What is it ? That 's Thor 's hammer . Marit stared at him unhappily . but , though she did not like to admit it , she could not go much farther . when she thought about it , she could n't remember how long it had been since she 'd had a good time . The intervention agency of a Member State may conclude contracts only for products stored in the territory of the State concerned . m_2004354EN.01002501.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 354/25 COMMISSION REGULATION ( EC ) No 2049/2004 of 29 November 2004 fixing a corrective amount for the refund on malt COMMISSION DECISION of 29 November 2004 amending Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1784/2003 of 29 September 2003 on the common organisation of the market in cereals ( 1 ) , and particularly Article 15(2 ) thereof , Whereas :
R327	Article 14(2 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1784/2003 provides that the export refund applicable to cereals on the day on which application for an export licence is made must be applied on request to exports to be effected during the period of validity of the export licence . In this case , a corrective amount may be applied to the refund . If , on expiry of the period referred to in paragraph 1 , neither the European Parliament nor the Council has objected to the delegated act , it shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union and shall enter into force on the date stated therein . Without prejudice to paragraphs 1 to 14 and subject to the entry into force of the implementing measures referred to in Article 14 , if the manufacturer so requests , the national authorities shall not , on grounds relating to vehicle safety and tyres referred to in Articles 5 to 12 :
R328	The Fund shall be entitled to ascertain , among the recipients of funds and persons with contractual obligations to them , all the information necessary for such an inspection . The same for you ! This is your chance . It 's World War ill . They 're killing people . I 'm leaving your father . Please . There 's something wrong with what you 're working on , is n't there ? That 's why you ca n't tell me . I ca n't say it because it 's classified . Tell me something good that 's classified . We 're good . No , we 're not . not when you got married . Surrender to me for something I understand . For his wife , his child , or his conscience , for something alive . not for something you have to hide . Robert ... Oh , I thought you left . The carcasses eligible for the PGI comply with the European classification of conformation between O and U + and the fat cover class 2 to 4 .
R329	until seven , you have plenty of time . you have a lot of acres of time from which you can harvest the harvest . Tell me about Brian and his intentions . Maybe he 's a gigolo . he had a shiny shirt ? No ! he 's a nice normal guy , all right ? He asked me a question about these Ancient cameras , and I was out because Carol rearranged it while I was sick . It turns out he did n't know anything about them either , so we had a lot to talk about . What 's your schedule for today ? dinner and then a movie . Or it was more like ... a movie and then dinner . which would be better , because we could talk about a movie . and about the restaurant . Do you think there should be candles and romantic music , or is it too fast ? He 'll give you a bottle of wine . Bring it to me in turn . I made a short opera . You wo n't listen to her ? Not bad . It 's a buffer . I named her the Torturer 's apprentice . The young apprentice Yosrick sings about the simple pleasures of his work . To be the tormentor 's apprentice as joyous as I am to put people on the ladder and raise the awe of the sacrifices when I do not have the sacrifices .
R330	Let 's start with a chorus of eunuchs : Picked up in the blossom of youth . Would you excuse me a moment ? This lady . I want to win it for myself . I want to say I 'm MasterChef . This is my game . I 'm either gon na win or lose , but I 'm gon na pull anything out of the arsenal to become the next MasterChef . The game has begun , honey . after 32 strenuous assignments and 97 discarded contestants ... Your time in MasterChef is over . ... from the final three ... Jennifer and Adrien , you 're in the MasterChef finals . America 's two best amateur home cooks will face the most difficult challenge yet . Where 's my aspirela ? We started with thousands of chefs from every corner of America . There were only two left . I have it in me , I 'm passionate about it . Keep my work on top , so you do n't break ! Prot , take your place ... Did you pack for your journey ? I need a little light . I must say , K - PAX seems like a beautiful place to me . There 's something I can do to help . Stay here as one of us . I 'll miss you , doctor . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I have a beam to catch .
R331	and for dessert ? Sachar cake . with or without whipped cream ? with whipped cream . " This . " the soldier walked around the headmaster and approached Cardones . he backed away from him hurriedly ; and then the soldier stepped into the middle of the room and ran a finger across a half - dozen truncated trunks . " That 's a hell of a lot of suitcases , " his amplified voice boomed with suspicion . " Er . . . well . . . " " All of them . " Gardones cast a helpless glance at Sandler , whose eyes were full of panicked panic . ( b ) the security regulations of the West European Union are laid down in RS100 ; Okay , so I 'm printing a recording button , and you enter the transmission code . Are you sure it 's all right ? Like I said , if I was wrong , it would be recorded now , which is not happening , so ... Okay , we 're all gon na have a cryocrash , and before you know it ... we 're gon na be at the party like a fig . A party like a fig , a fig , a fig ! Look at that ! My boy ! We 're digging and drowning , and ... he 's out there living and flying . Koko , that 's enough . Hey , Drag , show me that picture .
R332	Luke and the women and the booze . Come on , show me . It would crawl into the palm of his head . Drag , be a friend . Well , what do you think is standing on that picture ? Do you know , sir , what they 'll do to you if you do n't get him in time ? Let 's realise that after de Gaulle , we are the most powerful in France . start with the notes . until further notice , translate my secretary . My secretary and assistant will be you now . I want a bed with sheets and everything , including the sink and shaving supplies . All right , sir . Set up a call with Central . No , no one . Theo . No , no one 's been robbed . You were ... No . because it looks like a game to me . at least not for me . but ... I have to tell you something . And he 's gon na do it . I 'll be right back . It starts in five minutes . women I do n't understand . Riley ! installation of GB18030 support on Microsoft Windows XP 15 Activation of BGB Font Links 18030 16 a futile and aggressive attempt ... No . Madam Secretary , Mr. Jackson wants to see you . Now ? Does he want to see the pipeline report ?
R333	Bollings did n't offer them the planes ? They said they were offended when they spotted foreign inspectors on their soil . No , no . You know what , I 'll be right back . Okay . Yeah ! Okay . What are you talking about ? He just admitted it , guys . It 's ... it 's a pretty big deal . And the fact that you just do n't give a shit about him ... that 's not good either . We did n't want to cough at him . I love you , too . amen . All right , look . You can take this guy ? Let me think . I 've been busy , Dad . which one ? Yeah , that . The Secretaries of the SPS Sub - Committee shall act as contact points for exchanging information under Article 184 of the Agreement . Article 8 Confidentiality Unless otherwise decided by the Parties , the meetings of the SPS Sub - Committee shall not be public . When a Party submits information designated as confidential to the SPS Sub - Committee , the other Party shall treat it as such . Article 9 Agendas for the meetings 1 . The provisional agenda shall include items in respect of which the Secretariat has received a request for inclusion in the agenda by a Party , supported by relevant documents , no later than 21 calendar days before the date of the meeting .
R334	The Mexican did it . He told me . Uh , I - I saw him . Juan could n't do anything . I was with him the whole time . Uh , yes , he did , Mr. Martin . He slept and he did n't want to tell me , but I was awake and ... and I heard him say it . He does n't know what he 's talking about . He 's making up things . Stop , Mapes ! He did n't want to talk at first . I 'm talking to you , sir . This Decision concerns legislation regarding feedingstuffs . This Decision is therefore not to apply to Liechtenstein . Annex I to the EEA Agreement should therefore be amended accordingly , HAS ADOPTED THIS DECISION : directly involved in the terror campaign waged before and during the 2008 elections . led political violence in Rushinza . Midzi , Amos Bernard ( Mugenva ) Former Minister of Mines and Mining Development ( former Minister of Energy and Electricity Development ) , born 4.7.1952 . The Chairman of ZANU - PF in Harare . ( b ) facilitate the development of part - time work on a voluntary basis and contribute to the flexible organisation of working time in a manner that takes account of the needs of employers and employees.' I 'm in Florida for a month without a family . you can control the iPod .
R335	You 're a nice guy , Jim , but you have no idea how to enjoy a vacation . Loggins and Messina . I said , " Messina ? " Sorry , I could n't resist . It 's so quiet . I like it . It 's so peaceful , I 've written , like , 12 games today . I thought it would be better . It was great . some of us like to work barefoot . The following pack sizes are available : 56 capsules ( inhalation powder , hard capsules ) and 1 inhaler ( weekly pack ) 224 ( 4 x 56 ) capsules ( inhalation powder , hard capsules ) and 5 inhalers ( monthly multipack ) The Parties also endeavour to ensure that their national legal instruments include criteria for the sustainable use of coastal zones . Barakat Refreshment Company , Mogadishu , Somalia ; Dubai , UAE . " experience from practical testing has shown that the precision of the eyelashes ' growth test generally allows a reasonably accurate estimate at the level of 10 % inhibition if data points are sufficient if there is insufficient stimulation at low concentrations as a distorting factor . The precision of the EC 20 estimate is often significantly better than the precision of the EC10 estimate , since the EC20 is usually located on the approximately linear part of the central concentration response curve . sometimes the EC10 is difficult to interpret because of growth stimulation .
R336	Yes . If you 're hiding something , I know it . And yet , you never used that careful exam on yourself , dr . The real killer is hiding in sight the whole time . Please , please step down before I have you arrested . the girl returned to the vending machine . the machine grunted again . " I think they 're waiting for someone , " she said softly , and brought Turner 's espra . Turner looked into the brown foam in his cup . " Why did n't anybody call the police ? " " The police ? people here never call the police . . . " Angina 's cup shattered on the marble floor . ' It is clear , hired man , ' whispered the voice . As regards economic protectionism , I can not imagine how such an objective could be regarded as legitimate in the European Union of 27 Member States and could justify an infringement of the principle of non - discrimination . Exemptions from the prohibition of discrimination on grounds of nationality must be interpreted strictly , since they constitute an interference with a fundamental right . Well , if they wanted to kill them , they would have . They were kidnapped ... ... to siege and eat them later .
R337	( 5 ) Whereas the institutions of the European Communities and the Member States have taken measures to combat fraud and other illegal activities detrimental to the Community 's financial interests on the basis of Article 280 of the Treaty establishing the European Community ( hereinafter referred to as " the Treaty " ) ; He and Lee , and all the other rebels . So are you . Prove it . No , Torrey ! One less hillbilly . What ? He tried to draw on Wilson . Is n't that right , Swede ? Okay . Get him out of here . and tell your friends we 're waiting for the next one to come trick - or - treating for trouble . Do you understand , Swede ? You 're gon na get him out of here . What happened ? The hillbilly tried to kill Wilson . The mechanism of action of Belatacept binds to CD80 and CD86 on antigen presenting cells . As a result , the belatacept CD28 mediated T - lymphocytes are blocked by inhibiting their activation . activated T - lymphocytes are the main mediator of the immunological response to the transplanted kidney . This increased avitation provides an immunosuppression level that is necessary to prevent immune - mediated graft failure and dysfunction .
R338	Nor does that provision provide that a third party may participate in such a dispute . f221 : name of the intermediate organisation Name of the organisation . f222B : organisation 's address ( international post code ) f222C : organisation 's address ( municipality or city ) escorts Particular attention will be paid to accompanying programmes and special actions during the exhibition , which should present in greater detail the current Czech culture . Actions will be designed with regard to the Japanese visitor and our traditional cultural sector . It should also be stressed that those artists , artists and works of art in the various parts of this chapter are referred to as an example and their final selection will be done by means of objectifying mechanisms ( professional jury and selection procedures ) . a ) Week of Czech Music The Czech Republic has been invited by the organizers of EXPO 2005 to prepare a comprehensive block of conferences , symposia and workshops with the topic of Czech music , which has a traditionally large range of supporters and enjoys an unprecedented interest . In musical presentations a number of artists will appear and they are expected to issue special CDs , information and art publications . In this area we would like to establish cooperation with Supraphon , which specializes in recordings of Czech classical music for 50 years .
R339	Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on 23 April 2010 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 22 April 2010 . All right . Since when do you go bowling ? Oh , yeah , Brad . Do n't tell my parents , please . You know I do n't . You 're not gon na tell me , are you ? All right . It 'll be your secret . Are you okay ? Yeah . so that Krypton could live again , what would happen to Earth ? the foundations need to be built on something . Your father knew that . No , Zod . Zod . No . No ! Your father was an honor , Kal . You killed him ? he killed . And not a day goes by where it does n't bother me . but if I had to do it again , I would . What 's the situation , Major ? Two enemy aircraft were launched from the ship . Throw it up . Fran ? Oh , my God ! Howell ! I ... I see . Er , how are you ? I 'm still on the radio waves 4 . Risk reduction measures for the environment ( 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 )
R340	The need for further risk management measures can best be considered under Directive 2008/1/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council ( 7 ) and Directive 2000/60/EC , using the information contained in the comprehensive risk assessment report . Competent authorities in the Member States concerned should lay down , in the authorisations issued under Council Directive 2008/1/EC , conditions , emission limit values or equivalent parameters or technical measures concerning furfural to operate in accordance with the best available techniques ( hereinafter referred to as BAT ) , taking into account the technical features of the installations concerned , their geographical location and the environmental conditions of the facilities . Member States should closely monitor the implementation of BAT with regard to furfural and report any important developments to the Commission in the framework of the exchange of information on BAT . No 975/98 of 3 May 1998 on the denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation ( OJ L 139 , 11.5.1998 , p. 6 ) I do n't know , I do n't know if that 's a good idea . Gentlemen , we have to make a decision , and we have to decide now . Derek , it 's up to you . Give me 10 blades . Me neither . How 's it going ? they just started . Let 's do it . goes ... through the sternum . could not create directory . you must enter a path as a drive path .
R341	% s will not be compatible with previous versions of Microsoft Windows because the FAT file system contains allocation units greater than 32 KB . Click OK to continue . partition volume Graphic Image Settings ... this is the active partition of this disk . All data in the partition will be lost . the system volume of this disk can not be removed . this is the active partition of this disk . All data in the partition will be lost . the system volume of this disk can not be formatted . I 'm guessing that 's how he got the debt . Gambling . ( 14/62 ; 22.6 % ) received a PARP inhibitor . The third dose should be administered one month after the second initiation dose . information accounting device : Robin , Angela . Thank you . For me too ? Of course , Peter . Thank you , Mrs. Forrest . Peter , you must n't be so greedy ! You 're ruining them , Mrs. Forrest . To keep children as happy as they are today , at the most beautiful age , perfect and unspoiled , untouched by the corrupt world . I guess . What , Albie ? These two lost souls were snooping around the kitchen , ma'am . I did n't get a word out of them . What were you two thinking ? ! we wo n't tell him . Why ? I took an oath . I love another .
R342	we 'd have to hunt down our horses . we 'll buy new ones . Charlie ... that he got caught , that 's his fault . Do you think you 'd be a better boss ? Maybe . We 're going to Contention . You ca n't say I did n't warn you . Why did n't you say something before ? It 's an Apache country . I thought the government gave them a reservation . These are the ones who refused to leave . If I were you , I 'd go the other way . Oh , yeah , we 'd better go the long way ? for your friends to catch up with us ? future actions Consumer policy must , however , keep pace with development . problems that consumer policy is facing . . . ( Ageing of the population , as well as the need for a comprehensive approach ( in particular in the context of the information society ) , taking into account special needs . ( exploiting the potential for cross - border trade by removing the obstacles still left to achieve the internal retail market ; The time service has attempted to create a named event that is not in use . It 's 312 - 487 ... 312 - 487 ... I 'm trying to remember . My brain is like a computer , so go ahead . like I told you , it 's a mnemonic device that improves memory .
R343	It can be used literally for anything . I remember all the big lakes , the planets that are in orbit , heads on Mount Rushmore . No . The tattoos symbolized the bond we had as a couple , and now symbolized - the bond we have as friends . It hurt , did n't it ? and you do n't have to worry . It 's okay . I 'm not the kind of guy to judge just one thing anymore . I finally sold the old sports car , and now I 'm starting it in Cherry P.T. But does he deserve everything that 's hanging over his head now ? As a result of the opinions he expressed on Swedish television , he was denied re - admission to the Church , which was promised not long before by Pope Benedict , which is probably only a good thing . But he was also discarded from Argentina , where he lived , and is threatened with extradition to Germany , where preparations are underway to prosecute the Holocaust . At home in Holland , a trial for " propagation of hatred " against Muslims is planned against him in the court of Amsterdam . The Koran has compared Hitler 's Mein Kampf and wishes to stop the immigration of Muslims into the Netherlands .
R344	In addition to widespread distrust of Muslims , the cause of Wilders 's growing popularity is that he has managed to cultivate the image of a warrior for freedom of speech . The principle of freedom of speech , one of the fundamental rights in liberal democracies , means that , to a certain extent , we must bear opinions that we consider to be disgraceful . The question is : until what point ? the laws governing freedom of expression vary somewhat from one state to another . many democratic countries also have laws against inciting violence or hatred . Some countries , including the Netherlands , have laws against the deliberate defamation of people based on race or religion . The parent who has custody of the child must decide matters which affect the child 's day - to - day living . If one of the parents is prevented from exercising their parental responsibility , the other must exercise it on their own . If the parents live apart , whichever of them lives with the child must exercise parental responsibility . In the event of divorce or annulment of the marriage , the parent given custody of the child exerces the parental responsibility ( Articles 113 and 115 ZZZDR ) . If the parents are unable or unwilling to exercise parental responsibility over their children , can another person be appointed ?
R345	If the parents neglect the child 's care or if the child is not in the interests of the child , the Social Services Centre may remove a child from them and put it in the custody of a third person or institution ( Art . 120 ZZZDR ) . the child may be given custody by an adoptive parent . The child is only eligible for adoption if its parents are unknown or if their residence has been unknown for one year or if parents have agreed before the competent authorities to give their child for adoption or if it has no living parents ( Art . 141 ZZZDR ) . you want Rose to be an orphan ? Come on ! You remember Lynn . Come on ! You too , come on ! What the hell is this , Wyatt ? I 'll tell him where the money is . Randy 's asking you not to hurt her . He 'll tell you what you want to know . What 's he talking about ? The money from the robbery . Your husband and Wyat were in on it together .
R346	Angry that his mother and sister did not make his gossip unforgivable , and he began to spurt out unforgivable insolence on us . so there was a total riot , and he had to stay calm . And now , please be very careful : if he had been able to prove that Sofya Semyonovna was a burglar , he would have persuaded my sister and my mother , that his suspicions were reasonably justified , that he had rightfully indignated me for my impertinence to conform to my sister and Sofya Semyonovna , and that , therefore , when he attacked me , Bride . It 's coming ... If the forge burns , we 're dead . Look ... a stupid , overgrown , life - destroying god of death ! And as soon as the sun comes up , he disappears like a nightmare . Look , she ca n't be a cat person . I 'm a dog , I 'm attracted to other dogs . Are you sure ? Okay . Hi . Hey , random question . What do you think of cats ? Cats . Terrific musical , magnificent animals . Glad to hear it . is a cat person . Great . Let 's take this one . Hey , hey , it 's my suit . when will it end ? Ina , all my friends have served at least three years . Why ca n't I evolve ?
R347	Do something else , something more ... creative . Maybe go to America . Talk about stereo speakers ? and how are you gon na make money ? I do n't want to tell you . if you do n't want to tell your parents , then who ? It 's nice , peaceful . None of the ancestors were here . You think you can hit my people , land thieves ? Why are you doing this ? It looks dangerous . In addition , the registration of abstract colours as trade marks , according to the Bundespatentgericht , is contrary to the principle of precision , according to which the application for registration of a trade mark must permit a clear identification of the subject - matter of the protection . Article 2 of the Directive provides that the sign in question must be capable of being represented graphically . As a result of this requirement , it is also possible to examine the grounds for refusal on the basis of Articles 3 and 4 of the Directive , as well as the proper use of the mark required by Article 10 of that directive . A sample of colours and their descriptions according to the international code can not therefore constitute a graphic representation within the meaning of Article 2 of the Directive , since such a mark could in fact exist in an infinite number of different forms .
R348	I did n't even ask if she was innocent . Orders the Kingdom of Belgium to pay the costs . No , I 'm fine . Eat . I 'm thinking about how the gate could fail . Yes ? Well , we do n't know exactly how it works , but so far , we have a theory that the Stargate creates some sort of artificial wormhole that transmits an activated mass of matter in one direction . Reacher glanced at his watch again . nine twenty - seven . " Okay , " he said . ' Do n't forget to speak as long as you can , ' Stuyvesant said . " They ca n't explain it . It worries them . " " Is this Thanksgiving thing on a Web page ? " Reacher asked . " Specification of the place ? " " Yes , " she replied . so I 've done my job and I 'm going home . But He will not be detained . The human mind can not understand anything like that . When I was exploring the area of Sind in India , I became a Sufi , a master of Sufism . ... but when I watched them in Sind and Egypt ... ... and finally saw themselves claiming to be God ... ... I came to the conclusion that extreme mysticism ... ... was too close to madness .
R349	First , there are false or self - proclaimed Sufis who have depreciated this great learning . Second , when Sufi says he 's God , he does n't mean literally .
R350	( COP 14 ) and the Fourth Conference of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol ( COP / MOP 4 ) which took place between 1 and 12 December 2008 in Poznani , Poland , having regard to the Commission Communication of 28 January 2009 entitled ' Towards a comprehensive climate change agreement in Copenhagen , The Commission Communication of 26 November 2008 entitled ' European Economic Recovery Plan' ( COM(2008)0800 ) , Having regard to the Communication from the Commission of 22 November 2007 entitled ' European Strategic Energy Technology Plan ( SET - Plan ) - Towards a low carbon future'
R351	The full text of the decision is available only in English and will be made public after it is cleared of any business secrets it may contain . This website provides various facilities to help locate individual merger decisions , including company , case number , date and sectoral indexes , in electronic form on the EUR - Lex website under document number 32008M5034 . EUR - Lex is the on - line access to European law ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu ) . Oh , he 's not gon na hurt me , Robbie . Give me all the money you have , or I 'll cut her to pieces . The money is in my bag . Go get them , you faggot . Good , good . Come here . I do n't want her ring ! Take him ! Put the knife down ! Oh , my God , Becker ! See ? Please , he 's not gon na shoot anybody . Is n't it ? No , you wo n't . Done . He seems to be intrigued . if you 're looking at life in a strange new room you may drown soon I could never stand it . What ? to be someone like the Buzzcocks . What 's your problem ? I do n't mind Buzz , but they call themselves Cocks . They do n't call themselves The Cocks , do they ? They call themselves The Buzzcocks . There 's still the word " bird . "
R352	I 'm just saying I could n't , that 's all . You 're not going crazy . They do it for a reason . you have to trust them . open your mind . Let them in . Listen . Voyager went through ... ... a trimetric fracture . A trimetical fracture ? We have to get out of here , or it 'll destroy us . but how are we supposed to get away ? We need to adjust our warp field . What kind of assistance can the claimant receive from this government department or organisation ? Where a Polish Court is the transmitting agency under the 1956 New York Convention or a bilateral agreement , it gives the claimant all the necessary information , helps the claimant to complete the required paperwork , checks that the application is formally correct and forwards the application abroad . in situations where a maintenance allowance is decided by a court , a claimant who resides in another country may , where the case falls within the scope of the New York Convention , use the procedure provided for in that Convention and apply to the competent transmitting agency of the country in which he / she is resident . As a rule , these agreements provide for direct application to the Polish court or application to that court through a court of the country which issued the decision .
R353	In cases falling within the scope of the New York Convention , the competent transmitting agencies of the foreign countries are indicated in the declarations of those countries annexed to the Convention , which can be found on the Internet . « maintenance claims - General information | Poland - General information » ' He 's trying to preserve his energy , ' Sparhawk defended his Pandion friend . Yes , I know that . He was a little unstable in the corners , but if you step on the gas ... good night , Lloyd . Good night , Harry . That was weird . - Tell me about it . when someone comes in at 3:00 , at least take your pants . I know how I met Fraida . She worked at the cemetery where Peestain was buried . If I had n't sold that piece of shit to Peestain , you would n't have been born out of wedlock to save your life . Yeah , I 'm sure he smokes pot . The scoundrel ! Why did you do it , Lloyd ? I 'm sorry , Harry . You do n't see these bushes every day . The third people start dying on the third . and then we 're going to discuss this new problem . Tell her it would go a lot faster if the damn lights still did n't turn out .
R354	Just in case . You want you to have that kind of life ? You do n't want that life , do you , Fuser ? you want to have sex in all the states of South America . Good thing . You never wore your fake doctor 's coat . I 'm gon na convince you this is a real doctor 's coat . I have an interview at a real hospital where I 'm gon na get hired and do a real doctoral job . I learned to go to the bathroom . Oh , God , the heat is killing me ! I need air for a second ! Uh ... yeah ? I 'm fine . Bwaaaaaaaaaah ! Oh , yeahhhh ! Mm - hmm , mm - hmm . Nine . Have you thought of a name ? She said you kept worrying about it . Did she tell you that ? Yeah , she e - mailed me . You and his wife send e - mails ? Yeah . What ? That 's what happens when you have white urine . I do n't think so . I ran out of coffee , so I used what you brought . I 'll buy you a new one . I 'm sorry . But he still moved so softly and slowly that he could reach the animals at a distance so small that Little Chaka would find it impossible .
R355	He was still a leading biologist in all of Avalon . and he was still his dad . The bird watching the Great Chaka began to whirl through its moving wings . the front claws clenched firmly into the branch , and it began to tremble . the other two birds stopped feeding and began to rustle the branches . Article 103 Corrigendum to judgments and orders 1 . You want to go this way , Schmidt ? It 's called self - sufficiency . All I hear is that I ca n't use my toilet because you 're poor . Look , today 's your lucky day . No , Schmidt , I do n't want your charity . Well , you seem happy when you use my tools . Do you even know what this is ? Yeah , that 's right . scissors . Are you serious ? Yeah , the scissors you just threw in the toilet . So , you keep an eye on Hector at the rehearsal today . On the island of X , Robur had a lot of money , and he set up the workshops and built his plane . When Robur passed Cape Hoorn a few days ago , he wanted to head for the island of X right across the Pacific Ocean . but the cyclone took the Albatross into its vortex , and the hurricane carried it over the polar region .
R356	The aircraft , however , had made its way to the original target , and had it not been for the damage to the propellers , it would have flown there with only a slight delay . ( 5 ) OJ L 55 , 29.2.2000 , p. 25 . ' 1a . He was a brave man . He died before I was born . He died a hero . A hero ? He freed her so she could start a new life here . You knew my father ? I knew ... A possible abduction in Central Park . the perpetrator is a man , a little over 60 years old . the victim is a woman , 23 years old . I 'm really sorry . 0 : Black 0 : Displays only OK button . 0 : Normal Files 0 = cell is not locked . 0 = density , 1 = layout 0 A.D. 0 Bytes 0 Characters 0 Folders , 0 Files 0 KB 0 Overlaps 0 cities matching search criteria was deleted 0 completed tasks . value 0 corresponds to 01/01/1904 where such a request is made , the other authority shall send the feedback concerned as soon as possible , unless it represents a disproportionate administrative burden and without prejudice to rules on professional secrecy and data protection applicable in its Member State . I would n't want to bother you , sir , but it 's important , is n't it ?
R357	I know I should n't ask . You make it meaningful , do n't you ? is it important ? Yes . and it 's always nonsense , nonsense and nonsense . Yes , we make sense of it ... and it 's important . Pass him ! I think , given the circumstances , Ms. Wallace ... ... we could now risk each other 's names . what would they do to us if they knew ? Great . Well , that 's fine . Have you sailed on submarines , Mr. Holden ? Do you have experience with that ? Listen , before you became aide , what were you doing in the Navy ? and what does an ideal officer do ? For example , I organized a naval parade in Milwaukee , and then I was the liaison officer for the eleventh fleet . Um Is there something you 'd like to talk about ? No . Select a topic . Well , recently I 've been thinking about my parents , what would they think of all this about this place about me , who I 'm sitting here now trying to learn to use my telekinetic ability ? It 's nothing to be ashamed of . Yeah , you can say it , but when I came back , I was one of the 4400 , but I did n't have the power . I felt normal . it was something to hold on to .
R358	Is that what my parents would think if they were here ? Or would they think their son had become some kind of lunatic ? Richard . Before you were kidnapped , you were one of the first black pilots in the entire army . but I 'm gon na take him out anyway . I had to ! can do that ? Oh , yeah . He would be a danger , and he would have run . Look at us ! You , a little runt and ... well , you know what you are . And I , Dagur Crazy ! Put it back ! 1.0 means the Central Product Classification according to Statistical Office of the United Nations , Statistical Papers , Series M , N o 77 , CPC ver 1.0 , 1998 . The list below does not include measures relating to qualification requirements and procedures , technical standards and licensing requirements and procedures when they do not constitute a market access or a national treatment limitation within the meaning of Articles 7.5 and 7.6 . Those measures ( e.g. need to obtain a license , universal service obligations , need to obtain recognition of qualifications in regulated sectors , need to pass specific examinations , including language examinations ) , even if not listed , apply in any case to services and service providers from Korea .
R359	The following list is without prejudice to the feasibility of the cross - border provision of services provided for in Article 7.4(3)(i ) in certain services sectors and sub - sectors and without prejudice to the existence of public monopolies and exclusive rights as described in the list of commitments on establishment . In accordance with Article 7.1(3 ) , the list below does not include measures concerning subsidies granted by the Parties . rights and obligations arising from the list below shall have no direct effect and thus confer no rights directly to individual natural persons or juridical persons . I can go ahead and do it , right ? What happens then ? Would you interrupt me ? Yes , I did . I think you 're part of the MPAA . It 's their organization against which I am ... a little in opposition now ... and then , if you limit my opportunity to speak ... It 's like I 'm frozen in the road . at least ... I 'm really very surprised to hear that ... actually , I could n't ... Actually , I could be interrupted ! It 's not like we 're forbidding you to talk ... but every system has rules , and you have to obey . But , it 's possible ... to introduce myself individually to every person , and they would say , " Hi , I 'm the one or the ... "
R360	Two.and.a.half.men.s02e05.bad News From the Clinic.hdtv - lol Jake , do we have to go through this every Friday ? When I was your age , we did n't have wavy fries . Jake , do n't be selfish . Give him one . No date tonight ? What about that girl you 're seeing ? Sherri ? I 'm playing slow . Really ? Is that a casual pace ... ... or is it that you 've been challenged ? Where the description , presentation or marking of a spirit drink indicates the raw material used for the production of ethyl alcohol of agricultural origin , each used ethyl alcohol of agricultural origin shall be indicated in descending order of the quantity used . The description , presentation or labelling of a spirit drink may be supplemented by the term ' mixture' , ' mixing' or ' mixed' only if the spirit drink has been obtained by mixing two or more spirit drinks belonging to the same category . Such beverages are distinguished by only minor differences in composition which are due to the production process , the used distillation apparatus , the ageing period or the ageing or the geographical area of production . For the caps of the spirit drinks containers , lead - based capsules or foil must not be used .
R361	registration of geographical indications The application for registration of a geographical indication shall be submitted by the relevant Member State or third country to the Commission . These conclusions were supported by the results of a study on the functioning of the meat market for consumers[27 ] . the protection against imitation by means of proper labelling information at EU level could reduce the risk of deceiving consumers . Come on , get up . Get up ! No nothin' ? Do you remember ? Remember , I texted you . and she wrote to you that you have a daughter . Anna . You 're a father . and she needs you . He needs you up and out of here . Stand up , Nick . 4.4 Special warnings and precautions for use Fondaparinux should not be administered intramuscularly . bleeding Fondaparinux should be used with caution in patients with increased bleeding risk such as congenital or acquired haemorrhagic disorders ( i.e. platelet count < 50,000/mm3 ) , active ulcerative gastrointestinal disease , recent intracranial haemorrhage , or shortly after surgery of the brain , spine or eyes and special patient populations as described below . These include desirudin , fibrinolytics , GP IIb / IIIa receptor antagonists , heparin , heparinoids or low molecular weight heparin ( LMWH ) . If required , concomitant therapy with vitamin K antagonist should be administered in accordance with the information provided in section 4.5 .
R362	If co - administration is necessary , close monitoring is necessary . In the treatment of UA / NSTEMI and STEMI , fondaparinux should be used with caution in patients who are treated concomitantly with other agents that increase the risk of bleeding ( such as GPIIb / IIIa inhibitors or thrombolytics ) . PCI and risk of guiding catheter thrombus In STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI , the use of fondaparinux before and during PCI is not recommended . I do n't think so ! I 'm only acting with you . The party was throwing a cop . to me , Luke ! Come here , doggy ! Who was that ? ! Behind them ! I 'll take it beforehand ! Come on , damn it ! The fucking door ! She said it would cheer me up . I know how much you love Cyd Charisse . Blair . I 'm confused today . and after everything that happened today , the idea of losing Serena forever ... Maybe part of me has doubts about what I told you last week . What you said was right . We have to be alone for a while , to figure out where our lives are going . otherwise , we just torture ourselves . This is n't torture for me . I ca n't be your friend right now . Even though I wish I could . I could have spent a little more time with you .
R363	He dragged me to the pond ... ... and he tried to drown me . I fought for my life . but I could n't breathe underwater . In cases where market shares are below 20 % , indicate in this section which of the following bands corresponds to : 0 to 5 % , 5 to 10 % , 10 to 15 % , 15 to 20 % . In order to answer these questions , market shares can be calculated either on the basis of value or volume . For each reply , the total value or total volume of the market , together with the sales or turnover of each party concerned , must therefore be indicated . The source or sources of this information ( e.g. official statistics , estimates , etc . ) and , where possible , copies of the documents from which the information was taken should also be provided . Gordon , Benit , yes , and Chan , all of them . They 're all dead , Dave . Why is your father so close to the Pope ? We are a member of the papal throne . There are many refugees . - Your son is here with a friend . - Really ? Kurt Gerstein . - I 'm delighted with the meeting . - Did you get the audience ? In this situation , this is the unthinkable Pope dealing with the Germans , especially with the officers of the S.S.
R364	The Vatican has the greatest masterpieces . And they need to protect them . 20 days ago , the S.S. Kapler commander , demanded 50 kilos of gold unless he deported the Jews . until now , he said nothing that the Germans could think of as a hostile act . All he thinks about is thieving . - This is Nitzel . - What are we gon na do to us ? Mr. Weizsäcker told me that the Germans would never leave Monte Cassino . what if we thought about a little half - breed . The children of the half - breeds are really beautiful . What , are you kidding ? You 're not serious , are you ? we want a child who resembles us . and now you want Indonesia ? I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry , too . I love you . I want the baby to be all over you . that 's not necessary . They hire a detective to find a guy ... who ensures world peace and then plays the guitar for the rest of his life ? That 's right . What the hell do they call it ? - How the hell should I know ? the section " Archive " on this site contains old publications , where the information is no longer complete and updated .
R365	If you need more detailed information about the EU and its activities , or you have a specific question you want answered , contact the Europe Direct call center , either by e - mail or by calling the free phone number 00 800 6 7 8 9 10 11 from anywhere in the EU . We would be happy to read your comments about the Easy Reading Corner and our publications . Please send them to our mail - box . they made up something else for me . While the kids play pirates , their parents lose mortgages and tuition ... in slot machines . The prestigious award given annually by the international aviation organisation of the Official Airline Guide ( OAG ) with the London headquarters , CSA has already taken the fourth time . the second time he took Anna , ( 1329 - 1353 ) , the daughter of Count Palatine Rudolf II , and had one son , his first wife was Blanka ( 1316 - 1348 ) , daughter of Karla , Earl of Valois , half sister Philip VI of France . You can put him in a corner and hang doughnuts on his ears . Look , they ca n't force you to testify against your own husband . All you need to do is get Leo home , sit and count the gold pieces . Leo owes you , honey . Now we can actually make him pay .
R366	Are you lost ? Las Vegas police . Leave us alone . What 's going on ? You met at Nell 's cafe on Monday . I was in Washington on Monday . Definitely . As the legal counsel for Winthrop International , I have my paths carefully documented . business guilds are preparing for war . This is a crisis . The Senate has to approve the powers for the chancellor . then he can approve the creation of an army . but what senator would have dared to present such a radical amendment ? Satellite radio . Yeah , that 's my babe . I can talk about euthanasia all day . Do n't make me start , maybe we should ... I 'll take a look at it right away . The business is business , mate . Yeah , you know my number . Let 's get on with it . Yeah , yeah . Clearly the most stoned weed I 've ever smoked . Right here . It ca n't be better than the Blue Oyster . Smell it . The requirements of professional liability insurance in paragraph ( b ) are of course identical to those imposed on insurance intermediaries under IMD . However , the revised CAD ensures greater flexibility : the choice between initial capital , professional liability insurance , or a combination of both . What happened to his teeth ? Someone ripped eight of them out before he died . or the killer wanted information .
R367	I 'm afraid not . apparently had latex gloves . I found the remains of powder in the victim 's mouth . his DNA or fingerprints could have been on them . but the gloves can be anywhere , how are you gon na find them ? Call the K-9 unit with the dogs to search the perimeter of Powers ' apartment . Thanks . The principle of legal certainty and the principle of the protection of legitimate expectations must be taken into account in that regard . We famous reporters have to be punctual . I have to play Mephisto . I look forward to seeing you again as Mephisto . Between you and me , for getting the part , you only owe me . The Ministry was concerned that the spirit of your old Faust would be revived . the spirit of cultural Bolshevism , as they said . but I managed to distract them . Please hand over Miss Lindenthal 's bouquet . You see men , how more of them are . Have you been sneaking around ? Please take me in for protection . Mom did n't want me to go . I wanted to learn something here . You chose the place very happily . Good luck ! Kitt , have you contacted the state police yet ? Yes , Michael , you can talk . Michael , I suggest you use the rocket propulsion , or they 'll cut us off .
R368	Ah , you 're just in time , it 's gon na start in a few minutes . Hang on , it wo n't be long now . If no Senate wants to speak against the proposal , we 'll move on to the vote . Come on ! Come on ! It makes it possible to exclude the multiplicity of authorisation procedures in different Member States , to remove double authorisation systems and to significantly reduce bureaucratic and administrative burdens . As regards food additives , the relevant legislation at European level has already been harmonised . On the basis of that legislation , around 330 food additives are currently authorised and requests for authorisation of new additives or new uses of additives constantly come . For the purposes of the assessment of these applications sufficient details are needed on the use and properties of these substances , in particular for decisions related to risk management . As a result of the harmonisation of flavourings and food enzymes , new authorisation procedures will be facilitated and both the costs associated with the updating of technical sheets and the number of labelling changes will be reduced . As regards food enzymes , the current legal uncertainty arising from divergent national legal frameworks could cause distortions in the food enzymes market and administrative and financial burdens in different Member States .
R369	On the other hand , the additional burden necessary to ensure compliance with the new legislation on the labelling of flavourings must not be underestimated . Jason Bay is the luckiest guy in baseball . Hey , Jerry , it 's Mitch . Do n't ever talk to my brother like that again . Understand ? We have your number . I 'll find you on the list , I 'll come to your house , and I 'll show you how to tie a shoe over your mouth ! Just a little bit , turn it down a bit . All right , I understand , clear and clear . like a semi - automatic fire . Here we go . Let 's get another phone call . We have Nate from Venice . Hey , you 're on the air , what do you got ? diamond rings sound a little soft , bro . Hello ? Number eight from Texas fouled one of my boys . He 'll be expelled for 20 seconds , but that 's not fair ! Well , I would n't want to go in that pool if I did n't . Kelly to Captain . Sir ? All right ? Get out . Subject : Community law on public procurement Answer from the Commission ( 4 December 2007 ) I want to tell you something . Alex and I are getting married . Look up . Of course .
R370	right ? Say something . There 's no water , I 'll go get it . I 'm excited . What do you want ? vodka , I think . Me , too , a double . towards San Rafael . How much do you want ? Oh , no , thanks . I know you 're not back yet . I 'm just calling not to leave without a word . Do n't worry . I wanted to get out of your life ... ... to understand you 're not the right man . This is my report , but I do n't know what to say . Well , I met Mrs. Martina . Her 98 years , and she remembers everything since she was 5 . The food your mother sent is in the fridge . It must be the heat , the way , everything . Take that towel off . Yes is ? Oh , yes . concentration of unbound efavirenz , necessary to 90 - 95 % inhibition of isolated wild - type pathogens or zidovudine - resistant laboratory and clinical isolates in vitro ranging from 0.46 to 6.8 nM for lymphoblastoid cell lines , peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMC ) and macrophage culture / monocytes . Egypt : the case of Ajman Núr ( vote ) for the guy who retires , 18 years later , Shrike 's doing it , he 's supposed to sign the card and presto !
R371	After the shrike , they never found the body . Joke Wilder , Henley Reeves , Merritt McKinney , and Daniel Atlas Thank you . Vimes knew when people wanted to avoid something they did n't want to say , and that was the way it was in this case . " So it 's over ? " he demanded . " It is , is n't it ? " ' What kind of answer is that ? ' said Vimes . Look , YOU'RE NOT INVESTIGATED , WHEN YOU ARE NOT REQUIRED TO THE WORLD BETWEEN THE LIGHT OF LIFE AND JUSTICE , WHEN I MUST YOU MUST HAVE MUST HAVE MUST TO HERE ANNOUNCER : ANICA SAMA ELANNIA AND SAMA SEE . Yeah . stairway clear . Well , it 's always nice when someone 's cleaning it up according to the order . This could be the weapon that was used to kill Ensign Wilt . Probably Brad was telling the truth when he said he did n't do it . lost boys ... Federal agents ! Are you okay ? Come from there . A weapon . You were at the bus . Government gross debt ( % of GDP ) SP Feb 2009 COM ice . Thank you . You have n't dropped your fingers yet ? I know , I 've come to that nigga backwards , but I think I 've finally gotten to the game you 're most interested in .
R372	That 's the reason why all this was so unexpected , and why I freaked out , too . When she had bright days , sometimes the mood came to her to be a bitch , but this time she went crazy for the first and last time . So , I was in the side yard , and she was up in a wheelchair holding on to the work as she liked it . every now and then she yelled down , " Six pins , Dolores ! six pegs on every single sheet ! not to give you four , I 'm watching ! " " Ayuh , " I said , " I know , and I bet you 'd be more than happy to be worth minus ten and rushing in . " " What ? " she grumbles at me . Point 2 of the text relating to Japan is replaced by the following : ( b ) fabrics painted with designs ( other than painted canvas being theatrical scenery , studio backcloths or the like ) ; ( c ) fabrics partly covered with flock , dust , powdered cork or the like with the designs developed by this process ; the imitation of pile fabric is , however , classified in this heading ; ( d ) fabrics governed by ordinary means with a basis of amylaceous or similar substances ; ( e ) wood veneered on a backing of textile fabrics ( heading 4408 ) ;
R373	you can create a document template , which you will then use as the basis for creating new text documents . You can create a summary of the data and group rows and columns together so that you can collapse and expand the groups with a single click . You can also use the keyboard to create and edit draw objects . you can create a number of user registers you need . If you want to meet certain audience requests for a presentation , you can create a custom presentation composed of slides from the current slide show . You can create a report as static or dynamic . If you open a dynamic report , the current content will be displayed . If you open a static report , the same data will be displayed as at the time of creation . You can create your own symbols or take symbols from other fonts . You can add any number of new symbols to the base catalog of $ [ officename ] Math or create your own special catalogs . There are also many special characters available . Cross - references can be used with most objects , such as pictures , cartoons , OLE objects , and tables , if they have a label . To add a label to an object , select an object and choose Insert - Label . $ [ officename ] can be adapted to your needs .
R374	In the Data Source view , you can remove , copy , and paste a table field . The resource browser also supports the dragging of table or text fields and numbers from other $ [ officename ] files . Re : Failure of a Member State to fulfil obligations - Failure to adopt all the measures necessary to comply with Directive 2003/4/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 28 January 2003 on public access to environmental information and repealing Council Directive 90/313/EEC ( OJ 2003 L 41 , p. Declares that , by failing to adopt , within the prescribed period , all the laws , regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with Directive 2003/4/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 28 January 2003 on public access to environmental information and repealing Council Directive 90/313/EEC , the Republic of Austria has failed to fulfil its obligations under that directive ; The Omega Rho is all elite and athletes . Miles is an accomplice , and apparently these fools are all right these days , are n't they ? then why did he want to go to them ? Look , everybody wants to belong , right ? Hi . Hello . Wells . No , I 'm not actually on duty . I heard that Vice is looking for volunteers ... undercover operations .
R375	Ahab grabbed the ship 's knife , struck the beams of steel - inside - through - and then out - pulled in the outer cord , handed it to the sailor at the bow , then twice cut the cord near the bow , hurled the severed volume of steel into the sea , and was quite calm again . but the Bene Gesserit did not let anyone into their archives , not even the Emperor himself . Not even a Mentat had much to catch . de Vries could only guess with the intentions of the witches . The Bene Gesserit liked to secretly manipulate politics and societies so that few people could track their influence . Even so , the Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam knew how to organize an impressive entrance . General Official Journal of the European Union C 281/30 Judgment of the Court of First Instance of 14 September 2006 - Rossi Ferreras v Commission ( Case T-119/04 ) ( 1 ) ( Officials - Career development report - Application for revocation - 2001/2002 appraisal - Opinion of the previous superior - Failure by the reporting officer - Application for damages - Inadmissibility ) Consequently , the Greek Government proposes to answer the first question as follows : the grant of annual aid only to beneficiaries already participating in the programme is possible under the provisions of Regulation No 1257/1999 .
R376	Cape Verde shall inform their competent inspection services so that EU vessels are not considered by the Cape Verdean FMC to be in breach of the ERS data resulting from a failure of one of the FMCs . maintenance of FMC 24 . In the case of unplanned maintenance work , the data shall be notified to the other FMC as soon as possible . Two scythe , a quick death . which idiot gave us the English ? I get it . No one knows anything , no one has anything to do with it . what to do . Now , Mr. Olafson , who is the lead co - ordinator of the New Country Project , will be talking to you . Wake up ! The reason we started with the New Country Project is clear , the abolition of the death penalty in all states ... ... and the lack of space for so high a number of convicts to die . prisons are crowded . Everything you need is right here in front of you . For the purposes of paragraph 9 , an insurance or reinsurance undertaking may use statistical methods to monitor the value of property and the identification of property where a revaluation is required . I do n't want to talk about the crew or the captain . Make a better offer , and then maybe I 'll talk to you about it .
R377	Repeat . We need to get below $ 5 million to be serious . Okay , listen , Peter . I take this really seriously . You know what , Peter , do n't ever say that again . I 'm not a pirate . I 'm not a pirate ! It was the best day of my life . Dad . What ? The truth . Maybe smoking , but I 'm not gon na change that . I started before you were born . How much time do we have ? It could be years . and for real ? Have we done this call before ? What happened ? The performance of the contract shall , however , be required where the following limits are exceeded : Okay . Jack needs that audio signal in place when he goes to Singer 's apartment . I know , but Tony needs me to take care of something right now . I 'll give it to you after the meeting . Jack 's on his way . Let 's do it now . Stop bothering me . I 'll give it to you . Fine . Have you thought about what it 's gon na be like when Ramon gets back ? Bauer told CTU that he was close to capturing the package . Sure . So we 're good . Hey , what was your interview ? Good . What 's going on , Dad ?
R378	I do n't know how to thank you . There 's only one problem . Clark ... There are corpses . Emmet . You do n't think that ... that ca n't be true , do you ? Someone has to go in and find out . and all that shit in front of you . I 'm sorry . Is that why you did n't go to school ? I had to do something . and this . task assessment It was to sign up for your own work . Oh , really ? This is one big " Fuck you " for me , and everyone in class . We 're all fighting something . I 'm watching you . and you do n't fail . EPSU continuously monitors the actions of its partners , which aim at increasing the wage level of better paid workers and the protection against wage cuts through outsourcing and the use of subcontractors services . p6_TC1-COD(2005)0087 Position of the European Parliament adopted at first reading on 13 December 2005 with a view to the adoption of Regulation ( EC ) No ... /2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1592/2002 as regards the term of office of the Executive Director and the Directors of the European Aviation Safety Agency ( Text with EEA relevance )
R379	Provision should be made for the Executive Director of the European Aviation Safety Agency to be appointed on a proposal from the Commission , after hearing the opinion of the representative appointed by the European Parliament . The Advisory Committee shall , upon request of the Executive Director , advise the Executive Director on the fulfilment of his or her duties under this Regulation . Article 311(1 ) and ( 6 ) Article 26a , point ( g ) , introductory wording Article 311(1 ) , point ( 7 ) Increasing the volume ( direct ) air services would increase the volume of trade and tourism between the EU and New Zealand , resulting in wider economic benefits for the EU economy . 4.3 With its high regulatory standards and its market oriented economic and transport policy , New Zealand is an important candidate for a Community - level open aviation area . New Zealand is a key driver of aviation liberalisation and market integration in the Asia / Pacific region . the wider impact on air transport relations with other third countries would bring significant economic benefits for the European economy 4.3 New Zealand is a clear candidate for an Open Aviation Area Agreement at Community level , thanks to the high level of legislation and its market - oriented economic and transport policy . New Zealand is a key driver of aviation liberalisation and market integration in the Asia and Pacific region .
R380	The wider impact on aviation relations with other third countries will be the source of significant economic benefits for the European economy . Cross - border investment flows will bring further efficiency gains . Ginger tea ? The recipe for my Aunt Adele for a common cold . It 's just some damn virus . Did the ambassador comment on the attack ? They 've had problems with terrorists since they planted the Bajoran planet 40 years ago . from the Bajoran encampment is now a new , strong militant group . Her leader is Orta . He seems capable of anything to attract attention . You know , Jean - Luc . I 'm the first to say that the Bajorans deserve attention . The Federation is sympathetic to them , but they do n't do much for an attack like that . I want you to tell them that . that can be achieved through diplomatic channels , Admiral . Good decision . I have to tell you about Connor . Honorable for a beard as white as a blossom of blossom , which was a sign of undeniable credibility from Confucian point of view . it was the first franchise of a fast - food business that had been discovered on the Wai - tan decades ago . Judge Fang had something in the corner that could be called a private desk .
R381	Miss Pao , who grew up in Austin , Texas , was not so light - minded . The news of their arrival preceded them , and their bucket was always on the table . The chicken bucket was usually right in front of Chang 's place , because this gentleman was going to take most of the food to consume most of the food . for a few minutes they ate in silence , talking only with glances and other subtleties , and then for a few minutes only politely and pointlessly chuckled . " Something came up in my head , " Judge Fang said , when the time was right to talk about work . " The name Tequila - the mother of the suspect and the girl . " " The name appeared twice before the court , " said Miss Pao , refreshing his memories of previous cases : the first came almost five years ago , and the woman 's lover was executed , the other being only a few months old , and very similar to the present . I think we 're looking through the mirror . and he 's here , what have you been doing ? Report on the sustainability of the enterprise Reasons for carrying out the study : demonstrate commitment and pursue continuous improvement Target audiences : customers Comparison or comparative assertions intended to be disclosed :
R382	No , they will be publicly available , but they are not intended to be used for comparisons or comparative assertions . g Company Ltd. review procedure : chickens . Wait . how funny it sounds , he 's right . It 's birds . It was proven that now all the bird ancestors had the combined clavicles ... ... and well developed a fork bone . You say the birds are descendants of dinosaurs . right . That 's pretty good . Who wants to see Allosaurus ? this way . Your father 's pretty rough . is one surprise after another . really , like , smoothly . You read from his book , but you have no idea what his real power is . Only I knew his secret , understood his intentions . I alone deserve that I harvest the fruits of this knowledge . You 're crazy , Boris . You , Liana de Saint - Martin , are more guilty than these puppets . And yet you lend yourself to these ritualistic fantasies , these orgies of aging bodies in the name of the Master . It 's a quack ! Let it go . What 's wrong with you ? just killed in front of everyone . I 'm happy . Your mission has come true . What do you want ? You know what . 8 Even then , there were countless reasons why Roy Hepburn should not have logged in on the expedition .
R383	It was then that she had no idea that she would have to leave them and retire prematurely , so she wondered how she could marry with a clear conscience at the end of November and December , just in the middle of the semester , three weeks off . There were so many films , slides , books , and articles that she had used over and over on the islands , that she could n't imagine the only surprise that might have been there . and she was next door . Throughout the marriage with Roy , the United States has not once left the United States . There were animals in the Galapagos , compared to rhinos , hippopotamus , lions , elephants , giraffes , and many others . The resources undertaken by the Commission and the Member States in relation to audit provisions vary according to the amount of the Community contribution . The same principle applies to provisions on evaluation and to reports on multiannual and annual programmes .
R384	Thank you . so I 'm not going home . You know , one of my best friends , Kyle Strait , sometimes makes fun of me telling me that I love crashing , but I do n't really like them . No one likes chicks . I 'm glad it turned out like this , and I can go on . When I found this jump , I immediately thought that I wanted to be the first to try it , so when I put it on the ground , it was the first time someone had jumped . I think we 're ready . Are you ready ? as ready as I can be . I really do n't know how to explain it . It 's total freedom you only do what you want . The last day in the Gobi . This really opened my eyes , and there are many other places I 'd like to try , so I hope it 's not the end , but it 's just the beginning . Yeah , Wu . Yeah , I stabbed him . I was ... so angry ... and confused . for your power . But what really mattered ... was gone . I 'm sorry I killed Jacob . Really . And I do n't expect you to forgive me , because ... because I ca n't forgive myself . So , what do you want ? and where are you going ? to Locke .
R385	the courtiers giggled . ' And I , ' he told the jester with a dazzling smile , de Carabas , ' am the Marquis de Carabas . ' The Fool blinked . de Carabas , the body burglar ? de Carabas , the traitor ? " He turned to the courtiers around him . " But this ca n't be de Carabas ! You know why ? because de Carabas had long since been expelled from the earl 's favor . the courtiers laughed again , somewhat uneasily , then began to talk nervously among themselves . The Count was silent , but his lips were tight , his hands trembling . " I 'm the Hunter , " she said to the Fool Hunter . He opened his mouth as if to say something , then looked at her and closed them again . The Fool stared at the long tips of his boots . I do n't know , but it 's still down there . I do n't like cellars . The animal ? Oh , my God . There 's something down there . Yeah , you 're probably right . Cheryl , you want to go check it out ? Careful . I 'll be right back . Scotty . Scott ! Scotty ! so bring the lantern . Let us pray . Good to see you , too . See you soon . Hey , you . John . I had to do something , did n't I ?
R386	Yeah , sure . What is it ? Where did Sharon go ? Thank you . Hi . Did Pete send you to see me ? He thinks that one day ... I 'm gon na run , too . Guys . He put his life on the line with courage and determination . Simon , according to the police , it was a random shot . Maybe he 'll never know who it was . Someone murdered Max . he shot him in cold blood . When you stop at my place , I have copies of all the police reports they 've made available to me . along with Max 's personal belongings . Hi . Hello . Are you sure you want to stay here ? Can I see it ? Protocol on the Privileges and Immunities of the European Communities , and in particular Article 13 thereof . Conditions of Employment of Other Servants of the European Communities . revenue from the special levy on the salaries of members of the institutions , officials and other servants in active employment Budget 2005 Amending budget No . 2 New amount Legal basis Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities . Conditions of Employment of Other Servants of the European Communities . EN Acts whose titles are printed in light type are those relating to day - to - day management of agricultural matters , and are generally valid for a limited period .
R387	( i ) Legislative acts BUDGETS EN Official Journal of the European Union L 206/1 DEFINITIVE APPROVAL of amending budget No 2 of the European Union for the financial year 2010 ( 2010/421/EU , Euratom ) How to use Neulasta an invitation to tender for the export refund on rice was issued pursuant to Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 2032/2004 ( 2 ) . and I usually make a terrible chicken . He 's telling everyone he 's a cardiologist . It 's fun . But he 's a lucky man . He has a soft spot for her . You see , this is what it takes to be married for 44 years . On a kiss . Fran was desperate , and she thought Stu was accusing himself of something he could n't do any more than a storm . and that was a fact she could no longer hide from herself . she thought she could convince him that he was n't responsible for Peria 's death . . . but the persuasion would show him her true feelings . she thought it would put her heart on the sleeve , where he could see it without difficulty . unfortunately , Harold would have seen it . Thought she 'd have to do it soon , Harold Neharold . Then he would have to know ... and accept it or not accept it . She was afraid Harold would choose the other option .
R388	you know that . " " Yes . " " Where 's Burnside now ? that information could speed things up a bit . " " I do n't know , " Parkus says . ' Christ , if you know who it was - ' " Those were fingerprints , " Parkus says . " Fingerprints on the phone . Your first real idea about the case . you have Burnside 's name . that should be enough . " The Wisconsin State Police , the FBI , the database : these words sound old - fashioned American English , but they sound uncomfortable and alien to Jack 's ears here . is also intended to cover expenditure in accordance with Articles 44 and 186 of Regulation ( EC ) No 1234/2007 . a mirror . Kate , I do n't see it . That 's it . It 's good . I do n't want to be unconscious . No . Kate ... Therefore , non - originating synthetic staple fibres which do not satisfy the origin rules may be used , provided that their total weight does not exceed 10 % of the weight of the yarn . Nadine ? Nadine ? Nadine ! We have to find her . No . We must go . You shut up . Nadine ! Run ! No ! No . You do n't go with the baby . No . Look at this boy . if he 's standing , he ca n't go .
R389	Did you hear ? Sir , how can a man achieve equilibrium ? by becoming a sanctimony ( monk ) Shankara has decided to renounce the world and become a monk " Mother , I want to become Seszine . " Careful , you 're spilling milk . wipe your mouth Mother , I want to become a monkey . The Board also advises the Minister on any matter relating to the organisation and administration of justice and formulates codes of ethics regulating the conduct of members of the judiciary , after consultation with the Committee for Advocates and Legal Procurators . The panel has the right to exercise discipline according to law over advocates and legal procurators practising their profession . As a result of such obligation and duty , they are also responsible for the custody of these documents and may issue copies of these documents . Chapter 55 of the Laws of Malta ( Notarial Profession and Notarial Archives Act ) delineates what other powers and functions a notary has . Persons who are in possession of a warrant of advocate or legal procurator , or are bank managers , traders , certified brokers or exchange agents may not practice the profession of notary .
R390	qualifications required for appointment by a notary : a person is a national of Malta ; has impeccable conduct and good morale ; according to the requirements of the University of Malta Statute and regulations , he has devoted to the studies prescribed for the award of the notary 's diploma and has passed the prescribed tests ; after the end of the last academic year of studies , she has duly attended the office of the notary practising ; after fulfilling the requirements of paragraph ( iv ) rehearsal . Notaries take before the Court of Appeal an oath of allegiance and an oath of office prior to commencing the practice of this profession . The notarial profession is governed by a Notarial College , composed of all notaries , governed by a Notarial Council whose members are elected annually from the members of the College . The supervision of Notaries , Notarial archives and the Public Registry is exercised by a special court called the " Court of Revision of Notarial Acts " . This Court is composed of members appointed by the Minister from amongst retired judges and magistrates and from among advocates and notaries public . If the court deems it expedient , it may without giving notice visit and inspect the Archives , the Public Registry or the office of any notary . Sit down .
R391	" it 's all right , Mickey , it 's all right . " To Nell , guys ! to Nell ! paragraphs 1 , 2 and 3 shall apply subject to Articles 4 , 6 and 7 of this Protocol . A single financial contribution referred to in Article 7 of the Agreement is set at EUR 400 000 per year . He called you again ? does he want you to record a record or something ? He wants me to work with Damon and Poyser , whoever he is . and what did you say ? I said no . because of your glory ? No . for us ? Yeah , for us . It 's you , me and Malik . That 's all . That 's the deal . Denise , look ... I do n't want to stop your dreams , all right ? The man is right , you were born to sing . Jesus , Victor ! Did you read that ? The same article says Budweiser will pay over 100,000 for the logo on the jumpsuit . So Hogg 's face should take over 200,000 . Oh , no , no , Daisy , this race is going for charity . Really , for what ? anal bifidus . spinal bifidus . It 's one of those bifiduses . Has anyone ever told you you look like the sunset over Hazzard County ? Have a nice day , Mr. Prickett . OK .
R392	Pleas in law and main arguments By the contested decision , the Commission reduced the contribution of the European Regional Development Fund ( ERDF ) for the North Rhine - Westphalia operational programme under the Community initiative RECHAR II . In support of its action , the applicant submits that the contested decision infringes Commission Decision C(95 ) 1739 of 27 July 1995 . In addition , it claims an infringement of Article 24(2 ) of Regulation No 4253/88 ( 1 ) inasmuch as there are no conditions for a reduction in the financial contribution . In this context , it argues , in particular , that the derogations from the indicative financial plan do not constitute a significant change in the programme . In the view of the applicant , even if there were a significant change in the programme , there was a prior approval by the Commission of the flexible application of indicative financing plans , which was granted on the basis of its ' Guidelines for the accounts of operational measures ( 1994 - 1999 ) of the Structural Funds' [ SEC(1999 ) 1316 ] . he 's a lost cause . So I guess it 's lost , too . he said he needed to adjust it . What was he talking about ? Sorry , Nick ... I 've never seen it . Nick , wait ... You should do one . when Chaz lost his virginity ? Oh , God , you 're still thinking the same thing .
R393	A ' simultaneous exploration' method ) , ( b ) the allocation method based on traditional trade flows ( so - called ' simultaneous review' ) . FIN 1/Annex B1 Increase in the minimum height of the lower part of the vehicle capable of crossing the marshalling and rail brakes The height of the lower part of the vehicle should be increased by E as and E au to : whose vertical radius of curvature is 250 m ; if the vehicle is travelling on a concave part of the perimeter , no section has penetrated behind the bogie pivots or beyond the end axles in the contour of the concave section of the concave section whose vertical radius of curvature is 300 m . ( 228 ) As regards the factor relating to the duration of the infringement , the guidelines differentiate between short - term infringements ( generally less than one year ) for which , according to the seriousness , the above - mentioned seriousness is not increased by medium - term infringements ( generally from one to five years ) , for which that amount may be increased by up to 50 % , and long - term infringements ( generally more than five years ) for which this amount may be increased by 10 % . per year ( point 1 B , first paragraph , first , first to third indents ) .
R394	229 By way of example , the Guidelines provide , by way of example , a list of aggravating and attenuating circumstances which may be taken into account in increasing or reducing the basic amount and then refer to the Communication [ on cooperation ] . 230 As a general note , it is clear that the final result of the calculation of the amount of the fine pursuant to that scheme ( the basic amount adjusted by the aggravating and attenuating circumstances ) can not in any event exceed 10 % of the global turnover of the undertakings as laid down in Article 15(2 ) of Regulation No 17 ( point 5(a ) ) . In addition , the guidelines provide that , once the above calculations have been carried out , account should be taken of certain objective factors , such as the specific economic context , any economic or financial income received by the participants in the infringement , the specific nature of the undertakings concerned and their actual ability to pay in a particular social context , and the fines should be adjusted accordingly ( point 5(b ) ) . Let 's go before they finish , whatever they 're doing . When are we gon na eat ? in 15 minutes . What 's so funny ? is for the first time on this side . What do they need his body for ? I 'm sick of it . Oh , God . Oh , shit . Look .
R395	The two contestants strive for 21 points . They do n't know their opponents . Every point is a profit or a loss of $ 500 . A " 21 " contest ! It 's just the money . The questions are really nuts this time . Let 's see if the great Stempel can fail . It started when I was about 12 . Hi ! a little from our garden . two houses from here . Welcome to the neighborhood . I 'm not kidding , he just pulled it out of his pants like saying hello to Mr. Happy . You 're a total whore . Jane , I do n't think so . He 's a total jerk . not once did he look at me . Buddy ! Buddy ! Elistan advanced to the kender with his outstretched palm . " Yes , you missed something . . . . " My mace , please , " he reminded Tas . " Yes , well , I was talking about something else . Listen . " The kender 's voice quieted , and the room was suddenly strangely silent . The kender climbed slowly into the center of the room , turning his head from side to side . We 've all been watching him as frozen . " Do you hear that , Sturm ? " he asked softly . " Sounds like . . . clicking or scratching .
R396	All eyes turned to me , as if somehow I knew the source of that strange sound . before any of us had time to realize what was happening , the room exploded into whirling and roaring chaos . Looks like you 've finished your time for the remains , Dr. Strires . I 'd like my people to get back to work . Why would n't I be ? Because that crazy professor dismantled your message . Anyway , what did he give you , huh ? That 's my girl . It is therefore not possible that Coleridge 's poem would be responsible for the mystic impressions I experienced in seeing this bird on our deck . which may not be as soon as they think - it 's getting harder to get stones . but I agree with Rod that we would have to finish the wall . I sleep more calmly now that Rod is in charge of the patrol , and I will sleep even more peacefully when the wall ( and the pincushion below ) is done . Of course we girls are asleep at a safe end , but who wants to wake up and find out we 're missing a few boys ? On the other hand , it 's not that we have so few of them we 'd have to save with them .
R397	July 30th - I 'm not going to write anything if nothing happens . The godfather says something about us making papyrus like the Egyptians , but I 'll believe it when I see it . On August 5th - I was a patrol commander last night , and Rod was practically awake all night . After breakfast , I went to bed , and when I woke up in the afternoon , Roddie was on his feet , his eyes red , and he was running around screaming for more stones and wood . You know , sometimes it 's hard . On the 14th of August - Jackie finally decided to marry Jimmy , and I think Rod was upset - but it was clear to me a month ago . Roddie 's out of his mind . Maybe there 's a world where we can keep an eye on each other . I called you hours ago ! I came as soon as I could . Your message was ... how , paranoid , agitated ? That 's my voice , but I do n't remember it . I think it 's ... What did they do ? We 'll talk about it later . you can see the date , February 17 , 1869 . and that 's his handwriting . I see the progress , I can feel his thought processes . I see hydrogen , the lightest element , all leading . Yeah , yeah .
R398	it 's not like the periodic table I know , it 's the other way around . Took her about two years to Mendeleev before she gave her a modern form . but it 's remarkable that this is the foundations of a modern periodic table . Mendeleev 's first suggestion was not perfect . To make his table work , he had to do something impressive . Pleas in law and main arguments The appellant relies on five pleas in law in support of its appeal . In the judgment under appeal , the General Court dismissed the action brought by the appellant seeking , in particular , the annulment of Commission Decision 2009/609/EC of 4 June 2008 concerning State aid C 41/05 granted by Hungary under long - term electricity purchase contracts and , in the alternative , the annulment of Articles 2 and 5 of that decision . By its first plea , the appellant disputes the General Court 's view that the long - term electricity purchase contracts ( hereinafter referred to as contracts ) can be regarded as new aid without first determining whether those contracts constitute aid within the meaning of Article 107(1 ) TFEU .
R399	The Tribunal erred in law by holding that Annex IV laid down a rule according to which the relevant period for determining whether a State measure constituted State aid was the time of Hungary 's accession to the EU . ( i ) the Magyar Villamos Művek ( ' MVM' ) acted at the conclusion of contracts which constituted a preparatory measure to facilitate the privatisation of Dunamenti , such as a private investor , and ( ii ) in any event , even if those contracts constituted any advantage ( which the appellant denies ) Dunamenti . By its fourth plea , the appellant challenges the General Court 's assessment of the risk inherent in MVM 's obligation to withdraw a binding minimum amount of electricity . The Tribunal erred in law by confirming the method laid down , that the amount to be recovered was established as the difference between income and not as a difference between profits , since that difference could call into question the very existence of State aid . Instructions The guidelines propose a methodology for assessment which will need to be adapted to the needs of individual Member States . The risk management capability assessment should start with a detailed ( qualitative and , where appropriate , quantitative ) description of the disaster risk management cycle .
R400	In answering these key issues , it is important to describe , qualitatively and as far as possible , the situation , the identified needs and the measures that have been or may be taken . In order to adequately assess all three aspects of the disaster management cycle , it is important not only to carry out an assessment of general administrative , technical and financial capacity , but also to assess these capabilities in view of the identified priority of individual risks ( including the risks identified in the national risk assessment process ) to achieve a realistic assessment of the management of specific risks . The risk management capability assessment can be summarised by means of a draft set out in Part 5 , which aims to provide a brief overview of its own disaster risk management capability assessment . can not find constraint ' { 0 } ' . Pick them up and take them away . and the others will leave , or at least retreat . Come on , let 's go . Which way you want , but let 's go . It does n't matter . Yellow wires are from the phone . Now . That 's it ! Open it . Open it . Open it ! Relax . Ca n't you see he 's scared ? Oh , no , I 'm saying it 's not complete . There 's no chemical analysis . there 's no spectral analysis .
R401	Well , I 'll tell you one thing , you 'll learn to say no . No Grace . In a dress called Oscar de la Renta . I 'll just destroy your makeup . could you just for a minute ... You look nice , Meg . Maybe yellow means I 'm gon na have to take more stairs . Do n't you think you 're missing something ? Draft RESOLUTION B7 - 0415/2014 Adopted ( P7_TA(2014)0459 ) ( Motion for a resolution B7 - 0434/2014 fell . ) but that 's gon na change soon ! Do you miss your mom ? Do I miss my mom ? I do n't even remember my mom ! The European Commission - European Judicial Network - Maintenance claims - Netherlands THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : " maintenance " and " maintenance obligation " are according to the law of the Netherlands ? Up to what age can a child benefit from a maintenance allowance ? in which cases is the law of the Netherlands applicable ? If the law of the Netherlands is not applicable , what law will the courts of the Netherlands apply ?
R402	Member States are obliged to establish and communicate to farmers before 1 October of the year preceding the year for which the subsidy is granted and to communicate to farmers the minimum quantity of seed to be used in accordance with agricultural practice in that Member State . Article 56 Flax and hemp grown for fibre 1 . SEE ALSO 7A105 . See the Military Goods Controls , specially designed for military use . in this school , where we have gifted children with emotional problems , we have to motivate them . We make them realize the fact that other famous gifted children have similar problems . that 's gon na make them find out they 're not so different . These children will eventually find out that Chopin suffered from a fearfulness that he has overcome by music . Yes . That 's one of her talents , making people believe . She 's already ... Let 's talk in the lobby . reasonably reasonable , extremely intelligent , Who are you ? Can we come in , ma'am ? I have friends here . Did Harold ever talk about taking action against the government ? He complained about taxes and economics like everyone else , you know . I ca n't believe he 's in that damn D.C. with a tractor . so you did n't know what he was gon na do today ? No . No . it sounds like Harold 's pretty upset .
R403	Ma'am , from anger , there 's only one small step to violence . Domestic species Other Weighing 50 kg or more : domestic species : Vic yelled into the microphone : " King and Queen of the 1979 Prom - Tommy ROSS and Carrie WHITE ! " the applause grew and thundered and thundered . in fact , it 's worth trying anything that does n't hurt health and relieving you , whether it 's listening to music or flashing in a bathtub full of foam . . . .some women say that sexual intercourse is mitigating the symptoms . In addition , participation in the PMS group , led by a trained therapist , can also relieve the problems . If these simple methods do not help you , contact a doctor who has experience with the PMS and may prescribe your medicine . In rare cases where there is a real severe PMS course called premenstrual dysfunction , which causes such severe depression that the patient is unable to function normally , only medication treatment can help . women have been dealing with PMS for thousands of years , but until recently , they have not been helped . Almost 2600 years ago , the Greek poet Semonides wrote about his wife , " She 's very moody . There are three circumstances in which the European Commission has to ask relevant Member States for a reimbursement ( recovery ) of structural funding .
R404	Its goal is to promote the exchange of good practices between Europe 's regions as a way of boosting innovative activity . There are three circumstances in which the European Commission has to ask relevant Member States for a reimbursement ( recovery ) of structural funding . They are of general application , binding in their entirety and directly enforceable in all Member States . Legislation relating to EU Cohesion Policy usually takes the form of regulations . More regions for economic change Equal opportunities The policy for urban development Rural areas Enlargement The Managing Authority Regions for Economic Change " Regions for Economic Change " is an initiative with a complementary objective of European territorial cooperation in the context of cohesion policy for 2007 - 2013 . More Equal Opportunities Gender equality is one of the key features of EU legislation and its policy - making . This position is reflected in all areas of economic , social , cultural and family life . Such state aid can be delivered in a variety of ways , such as through the allocation of grant subsidies , the provision of interest and tax relief , or the purchasing of goods and services on preferential terms . because I know Adam . She 's not an angel , but she 's not a killer . You did n't recognize the fact that he was an alcoholic . I do n't know if I can trust you . SPECIAL STORAGE CONDITIONS
R405	Master Datnil is right - so much lost and forgotten . He said that once winter had been so bad that all the flammable had been burned to keep people warm - wood , paper , minutes . It is unlikely that more Epivir will have caused some serious problems by mistake / accidental use . Tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your child has taken too much , or contact your nearest hospital emergency department . The European Commission - European Judicial Network - Service of documents - Bulgaria THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 10 - 12 - 2009 Service of documents - Bulgaria This page will soon be available in the language requested . Please accept our apologies for the delay . for the moment , the languages available are : Do you like stories ? Here 's a great one . It starts with how I get the sword tonight , on this most evil night of the year , and then ... Well , maybe I 'll just keep that end as a surprise . But , I ca n't help it . It ends with eternal nights on Earth !
R406	If the measurement of the exhaust gas flow or the measurement of combustion air and fuel consumption is not possible , these values may be calculated by the carbon and oxygen balance method ( see Annex 4A , Appendix 1 , paragraph 1.2.3 . ) . Any additional data required for the calculation shall be recorded ( see Annex 4A , Appendix 3 , paragraphs 1.1 and 1.2 ) . 3.8 . Re - verification of analysers After the emission test , a zero gas and the same span gas shall be used for re - checking the analysers . The analysis shall be considered acceptable if the difference between the two measurement results is less than 2 % . I even played a couple of chicks . It 's true ... no one likes the one who 's been assigned to him , so we 're done . Oh , and Ed , and we all got your version very offensive . Is the therapy over ? Yeah , now we can watch the game . the dry cleaners were burning . You 're smoking again , are n't you ? Let me go . I need something to help me . Yeah , but that 's gon na help you so slow to the grave . Fortunately , it was slow . Look , it 's my life , and I can do whatever I want with it . Besides , you know I wanted to quit , but I just ca n't .
R407	6 - Case C-268/99 Jany and Others [ 2001 ] ECR I-8615 . Case C-416/96 Eddline El - Yassini [ 1999 ] ECR I-1209 , paragraph 47 ) . The deletion of this information shall , as a general rule , be carried out immediately after the deletion of the relevant alert from the SIS II , and in any case not later than one year at the latest . I 'm a man . My whole body hurts . If you have a soft bed , I 'll get some sleep . Put an entire battalion of armed men there to keep the boy quiet . " " That 's enough ! " " Come on , sit down , " David said . " You 're embarrassing . " Rhinemann 's bodyguard brought him a pair of trousers , a light sweatshirt , and a suede jacket of triple - coloured paint . David knew they were expensive garments , and he guessed that they fit . does n't have time . Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 341/2007 ( 3 ) opens and provides for the administration of tariff quotas and introduces a system of import licences and certificates of origin for garlic and other agricultural products imported from third countries .
R408	The quantities for which ' A' licence applications have been lodged by traditional importers and by new importers during the first seven working days of July 2014 , pursuant to Article 10(1 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 341/2007 exceed the quantities available for products originating in China . Therefore , in accordance with Article 7(2 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1301/2006 , it is now necessary to establish the extent to which the ' A' licence applications sent to the Commission by 14 July 2014 can be met in accordance with Article 12 of Regulation ( EC ) No 341/2007 . No 2913/92 and Regulation ( EC ) No 2454/93 as amended by Regulation ( EC ) No 648/2005 and Title IIA of Regulation ( EC ) No 1875/2006 ) ; and ( b ) the programme of the Japanese Authorised Economic Operators ( Customs Law ) . " Certainly . maybe have the same thing in mind . " Maybe Chanur could do it for you . " " Maybe get the contract . Need you , Ehrran . as well as the nurses . I need them for my research . Aim ... We talked . I 'm glad you did what you did . But if you want me to get a chance to get out of this situation , you have to help me . If there 's a possibility ... if you find out ... if he 's alive ...
R409	This could in particular be the case where the aid is necessary to remedy disparities caused by market failures or to ensure economic and social cohesion . Whereas its own existence is in danger , a firm in difficulty can not be considered a means of promoting other policy objectives until its viability is assured . The Authority therefore considers that aid granted to firms in difficulty may contribute to the development of economic activities without adversely affecting trade to an extent contrary to the EEA interest only if the conditions set out in these Guidelines are met . Where the undertakings receiving rescue or restructuring aid are located in assisted areas , the Authority shall take into account regional aspects referred to in Article 61(3)(a ) and ( c ) of the EEA Agreement , as described in paragraphs 54 and 55 . The Authority will pay particular attention to the need to prevent these guidelines from being used to circumvent the principles laid down in existing frameworks and guidelines . The assessment of rescue or restructuring aid should not affect changes in the ownership of the aided undertaking . morphine . Done . Do n't worry , it wo n't take long . What was that ? what about Steinmann ? I did n't think she could . Are you cleaning up yourself ? Quiet . It 'll only take a minute . I 'll go check it out . dead patrol rats . No heads .
R410	For example , on 29 January 2006 , it will be recorded as 29.01.06 ( day . month ) . unable to connect to the Power Manager . Failed to connect to host unable to connect to interface , ' % s ' unable to connect to POP server % s unable to connect to POP server % s Ezin izan da % s proxy emabitzariarekin Connect : Impossibile connettersi al server proxy % s : Could not connect to % s : Could not connect to the % d proxy : Kunne ikke forbinde til proxyserver % s : I should dress very little . " I drew back enough to see his face . he held my hand against his chest , on the smooth perfection of her left side . " Are you sure ? " he smiled , but at the same time he blinked , so that I could not read his eyes . He stroked my hand and then let go . " I 'm used to how I feel about people , ma cherie . list of transactions marked for posting all customers all vendors exchange rate list list of currency with valid exchange rates dimension group Required Required with physical update ? Print the name and description ? number and item number access to data imported file name handling type output order and that 's when he realized his mistake . and it was n't in that part of town he knew .
R411	there were no shops . Just houses and offices or houses converted into offices , marked in front with little tags . the only building that looked different was the one he had just come from . And Sister Carlotta will start looking for him soon . and he ran . He was surprised at how strong he was now . He thought he could run as fast as a bird flies , and he would n't be tired at all , so he could run forever . " See how it goes for the better ? " I snorted . " And it 's not noon yet . " Returns data for " set_expression 1 " and " set_expression 2 " . In the result , duplicates are retained only if an optional keyword " all " is provided as the third argument . syntax union ( set_expression1 , set_expression2 [ , all ] ) result : Returns the data of both sets as one new set and displays the Golf Equipment column only once . example No 2 union ( set ( [ Camping Equipment ] , [ Golf Equipment ] ) , set ( [ Golf Equipment ] , [ Mountaineering Equipment ] ) , all ) unique remove any duplicates from " set_expression " . the remaining members will remain in the original order . syntax unique ( set_expression ) upper Returns " string_expression " with all lowercase letters converted into uppercase . syntax upper(string_expression )
R412	For vehicles equipped with compression - ignition engines , an additional preconditioning is permitted by carrying out two relevant type I test cycles . A dated report shall be drawn up on the evaluation and sorting of requests to participate and tenders declared to comply with the requirements . Where the evaluation committee has not been responsible for the evaluation and classification of contracts on the basis of the exclusion and selection criteria , the written record shall be signed by the persons to whom the authorising officer responsible has delegated that responsibility . ' In the case of a procurement procedure initiated on an interinstitutional basis , the decision referred to in the first subparagraph shall be adopted by the contracting authority responsible for the procedure . The red wires are there , and they 're all twisted up . I thought you were gon na do it this summer . Do n't try to make any conversations with them . It 's no use at all , and you 'll find it 's your time you 're losing the job when it 's eaten under your skin . It has to show on you . Yeah , I 'll remember that . Well , it would be different with you , no doubt . He 's never owned a property before . Okay , but I think there 's something we have n't mentioned yet . The unspoken words were that Robert was handsome and Miranda was horny .
R413	We held you as prisoners . No , we had a great time . But ... It 's half - night , and he 's a homosexual , he has to get out . See you later . I was almost on my way out when I realized my shoes had gone . I 'm telling him , " That 's what you get for stealing from Billy Joel 's wood . " I did n't even get a chance to show up at the party . I 'm not playing my favorite pair of shoes , but these were different . ~ Who would steal shoes from a party ? ~ Someone with my size and taste . Reference to Annex II , Section II.1 , to Directive 2008/68/EC : 6.1 . Content of the Annex to the Directive : Requirements for the construction and testing of packaging . Of course we 'll talk . All the shops you make , and you still spend money through your nightclubs , you pay for work in five and ten bills because you 're too stingy to pay the commission for pure cash . The first time I smoked a cigar with Marnie Petersen in fifth grade . She had such a funny face , I adored her . Red ... There are five bankers on the East Coast who are able to fund the mission like Garrick 's . I 'm spinning the money over four of them . Which one ? All right !
R414	Patience , Ludo . Your spirit rhymes with " tons . " We wake the commander , we sneak in , I distract him , and you jump on him . That 's your plan ? Calm down . Also , I 'm gon na steal his key , and we 're gon na get us to Mission Control . Look at that . I 'm just kidding . I think you have a different opinion . Mission Control . I thought I was missing a finger . To look at the face of one . The only what ? Dr Daniel Jackson ! There is a rumour among the Goa'uld that you yourself defeated Anubis . Is that true ? Where did you hear that ? Lieutenant Colonel Cameron Mitchell . But you , you 're not ... No . will be here ? No ! and you 're not Colonel Carter either , are you ? write MIN [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ; print 1 , the smallest element of the list print PI ; print 3.14159265359 Pet RANGE 100 ; random decimal number ( 0 < = x < 100 ) PRINT RENT ' text' ; random letter of the word ' text' PRINT RENT [ 1 , 2 ] ; random list element ( 1 or 2 ) Write 4 ( rounded 3.8 ) PRINT INSTALLATION 100 ; random integer number ( 0 < = x < = 100 )
R415	copy [ 5 , 1 , 3 , 4 ] ; print [ 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] typing 100 ; print 10 , square root of 100 print WOMAN ( " t " , " T " , " text " ) ; print " Text " , " t " is replaced by " T " PRINT REQUIRED ( " ( . ) " , " 11 " , " text " ) ; print " tteexxtt' print NTICE [ 4 , 5 ] Yeah , I did n't know where to put you . Yeah , I saw you wrote " Logan " and then , like , three question marks . OK . you want me to be a factor in your list . if you 're in Providence , maybe I could live in Providence . Yeah , I decided to go for it . Okay , next . No gum , matches , pushing , throwing . Mom , are you coming ? the tuna on the rye , the tuna on the wheat , the sauce and the sauce . Yeah , no , the delivery time is still the same . BLT without B , BLT without T , turkey on rye , burger . I know it sounds impossible , but ... I never believed Doakes was a killer . ... and in his notes , Lundy also doubted it . Doakes was my partner . He was a good man .
R416	just for me . Fuck . Fuck ! You fucking faggot brown ! the gun ... How did you ... And now down to your knees . Okay . Do n't do that . Please ! You let me kill you . Kill like a dog . I want to hear you say it . I did n't let you kill me . That 's when you 've been with someone for 20 years . You know when he 's lying . I do n't think so . I do n't want to hit you , I just want to hit you . ... so two parking spaces provide me with what I call a " security zone . " I have a day shift . I wanted to , but it was n't a good time . I 'll tell you what 's going on . The big boss is gon na give the job to Kendall , 'cause he 's baking it with his daughter . Who 's in there ? Look , I have to go to school . Oh , God ... any advice ? Well , I always let them ... to make me look good , brush my hair , make make - up ... Straighten your hair , that 's good . Can I have a little ? European entrepreneurs have created a new powerful tool for making money - society . their rivalry only increased competition for rare and exotic goods .
R417	Run was owned by the first international corporation in the world , East India Company from London . It was in January 1617 that Nathaniel Courthope 's job was to save the island from the Dutch competition . the cannon was testing the holes in the cliffs . had two ships - a competing Dutch East India Company had a dozen . Looks like a traditional naval battle . in fact , it 's an aggressive corporate takeover . What do you want , Crais ? just run away . Travel deep into uncharted space . to reconsider your fate . Okay , just ... close the company , go to Maui , meet a supermodel , but you ca n't get a Porsche ! Talyn , the intruder . Talyn . Now open the door . What ... Pilot , what was that again ? Moya 's accelerating . I know that . I felt it in all three stomachs . She caught a call from Talyn . The budget of the authority that provided the loan was encumbered , if the authority could have achieved a higher return if it had borrowed that amount under normal market conditions or had used or invested otherwise . from the point of reference TM357400 ( 2 ) following a lower category west to a T - junction of coordinate TM346400 ( 2 ) . then right onto B1083 and along the B1083 north towards the roundabout of the coordinate TM292500 ( 2 ) .
R418	to the left onto the A1152 and along this road to the west and then south to the roundabout of coordinate TM259493 ( 2 ) . to the right on B1079 and to the west and then to the north - west to the intersection of coordinate TM214538 ( 2 ) . to the left on B1078 and along this road west to an intersection with A140(T ) on coordinate TM111548 ( 2 ) . then right along the A140 ( T ) north to the junction with the A47(T ) on the coordinate TG219038 ( 2 ) . Oh . in a porn magazine or cars ? You surprised me . You 're amazing . like an extra - long sports game on TV . This ca n't be true . it was only June . Imagine , Peppone ! How are the skiers gon na take over ? and what are they gon na call on each other ? They ca n't yell , " Get out of the trail ! " Because there are no clues ! Mauno , you have to eat something ! 7.1 . Working procedure 7.1 . Preparation of blank solution See Method 9.4 ( 7.1 ) . At the request of the European Medicines Agency ; abdominal pain has often been reported as an adverse reaction . It is considered that this transient effect is partly due to the intraperitoneal use .
R419	This is the best weed , you smoke pot ? Not really . No . Not even in the morning ? No , I just do n't smoke . Jonah broke his elbow once . Wait , wait . So he 's Mantis ? Come on , Commander , ca n't you give us some information ? What can you tell us ? That 's how he learned about the police hit on the 26th . Clean -- aah ! Because we know-- oof ! Setting up ! Ugh ! no one knows what " set up " means . " Fix " is a common word , Shawn . " Beat it " ? Okay , we know you were set up ? Everybody ready ? we 'll come to the exhibition . Maybe . like a feather , Katie . in apartments , they have trumpets like matchboxes . Anna , is that it ? That 's too much , Lonnie . I do n't want to , Dad . Esther ? Thank you . You can eat the marzipan , Tootie . Do n't be rude to your father . The European Securities and Markets Authority ( ESMA ) established by Regulation ( EU ) No 1095/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council ( 5 ) should assess the compatibility of individual claims for the application of an exemption with this Regulation and future delegated measures .
R420	to establish a sound framework for the transparency of all relevant instruments , those requirements should apply to bonds and structured finance products for which a prospectus has been issued or are either admitted to trading on a regulated market or traded on an MTF or an OTF ( hereinafter referred to as ' OTF' ) regulated markets , MTF and OTF , or are considered eligible for CCP clearing , and , in the case of post - trade transparency , also derivatives reported to trade repositories . Therefore , only financial instruments ▐ which have a non - standardised form or lack of liquidity would remain outside the scope of transparency obligations . It is necessary to put in place an appropriate level of transparency of trade in the markets for bonds , structured finance products and derivatives in order to facilitate the valuation of products and to contribute to the efficiency of price formation . structured finance products should include , in particular , asset - backed securities as defined in Article 2(5 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 809/2004 ( 6 ) , including , inter alia , collateralised debt obligations . ( 13a ) In the interests of legal certainty , it is appropriate to clarify certain exceptions to the scope of this Regulation .
R421	While it is important to regulate currency derivatives , including currency swaps , which give rise to increases in cash settlement provided for by reference to currencies in order to ensure market transparency and integrity , spot currency transactions should not fall within the scope of this Regulation . Likewise , it is important to clarify that insurance contracts in relation to any activities falling within the sectors set out in Annex I to Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2009 on the taking - up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance ( Solvency II ) ( 7 ) are not derivatives for the purposes of this Regulation where they have been concluded with an insurance or reinsurance undertaking of the Union or a third country . Furthermore , since the risks arising from algorithmic trading should be regulated , the use of post - trade services algorithms does not constitute algorithmic trading . In order to ensure uniform conditions applicable to trading venues , the same pre - trade and post - trade transparency requirements should apply to different types of trading venues . a short definition of the geographical area :
R422	Marvel has become more than just a brand , which is demonstrated by our love of his characters , who are not only entertaining us , but live in us . Thank you for escorting us on our journey , and good night . In the example that I counted a few videos back , we had a reef . . . wait , I only have a minute . Please , say ... me Char . I 'm sorry . Bow or not . Great . Why do n't you do what your people do ? Steal my land and destroy your livelihood . Wait a minute . Come back . Huh ? What 's your name ? Ella of Frell . Audit OBSERVATIONS Implementation of the Commission 's management function Under Article 38 of Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1260/1999 ( 9 ) laying down general provisions on the Structural Funds , Member States are required to confirm that management and control mechanisms ensure effective and correct use of Community funds and provide the Commission with a description of those mechanisms . It must also ensure that Community funds are used in accordance with the principles of sound financial management and must cooperate with the Commission in order to achieve that objective . Member States are therefore in principle responsible for establishing management and control systems and their use in the implementation of projects and measures in accordance with Community requirements .
R423	Member States therefore transmit descriptions of their management and control systems to the Commission pursuant to Article 5 of Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 438/2001 ( 10 ) . ( c ) Article 10a of Directive 85/337/EEC , as amended by Directive 2003/35/EC , must be interpreted in the light of the Aarhus Convention on Access to Information , Public Participation in Decision - making and Access to Justice in Environmental Matters , concluded on 25 June 1998 and approved by the European Community by Council Decision 2005/370/EC of 17 February 2005 . Member States provide for the possibility of bringing an appeal before a court or any other independent and impartial body established by law in order to challenge decisions , acts or omissions in respect of any substantive or procedural issue relating to both the substantive and procedural arrangements for the authorisation of projects subject to an impact assessment ? ( 1 ) Council Directive 85/337/EEC of 27 June 1985 on the assessment of the effects of certain public and private projects on the environment ( OJ 1985 L 175 , p. Is there something you want to tell me ? Why would I run ? Did you know the house was empty ? The madman could still be in the house . He could have killed you , Lizzie . I did n't feel anyone else in the house . but how did you know ? I told you what happened . You think I 'm hiding something from you ?
R424	I 'd like to see it . You 've never learned about Katars ? The Catholic Church is always bad . in recent years , more and more people have returned to their beliefs . So you 're Katar ? Yeah . I 'm trying to be . that 's so impressive . I can tell you we did n't have any Katara at home . Is this about David Smith 's file ? everything before 1990 is in a deep , dark , dangerous basement . It looks like it should be fun for you . And you ... - These spiders are real . very real . I got bites in my ear . You 're so much better , Leo . Seriously . Kate Reed 's office , please hold . transnational cooperation Support the development of transnational forms of cooperation at national , regional or local level through policy initiatives , in particular projects and bilateral or multilateral agreements , and active involvement in such cooperation , with a view to : The transnational cooperation referred to in point 4.8 should be complementary to measures taken as part of the national Roma integration strategies and integrated sets of policy measures within broader social inclusion policies and within the framework of any existing cooperation agreements between Member States , such as the Danube Strategy , and other international organisations such as the Council of Europe and the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) . Store in a refrigerator .
R425	Kladruby - EXPO BLOVICE For simultaneous use , 1 dose of Nobivac containing pine virus components , canine adenovirus type 2 , canine parvovirus and/or dog parainfluenza virus should be diluted with one dose ( 1 ml ) of Nobivac L4 . the mixed vaccines should be administered by subcutaneous injection . Design design Building permit documentation Implementation documentation , interior design Copyright supervision and technical supervision of the investor Construction management execution dates : description and use : Article 39 Entry into force 1 . Nathan , I 'm not looking for excitement . I just want to go home to someone who 's settled and reasonable . I want it to be you . Hey , can I have one ? Janie , Janie , it 's been six months . You do n't want to start now . When was the last time you two had sex ? Excuse me ? Yes , she just thought that ... We got held up . No sex six months before the wedding . is only known to one person who survived it . and he 's sitting in this room . He really knows ... and he shows them in the classroom ! Neville ? Son ... Come on , let 's have a cup of coffee and show you something . Quickly . Great . Eternal glory Amazing , is n't it ? For three years , we 're separated from it so we can be chosen .
R426	When she came out of the woods , she was smiling like an angel . I think our young Ramo is still alive . That 's strange . unless ... You think something 's protecting them ? Love , Mr Gray ! Love ? They 're so fragile ! Who was it ? If I mention it , I 'll see it . You were very good - looking . That 's what he said . That 's what he said . They did n't do anything for me ? and do n't even ... He said he did n't make a Coliseum dress . He said he did n't like them , so he did n't put them there . I just got off the phone with Mario . he said he did n't like him , he never liked them , he said , which I had to tell her . You know , it 's digital . I know . You need a few extra dresses ... ... but , you know what ... ... you gave what you gave . Excuse me ? That was very gallant . You should stop them , Mother . Oh , fabulous ! Wonderful ! Jim , this is the end . Congratulations , Madame . Yes , ma'am . You 're full of surprises . I was even closed once . The contact group shall define the mandate of the two working groups and shall set out their tasks as a general rule .
R427	A little life into the dying . Not you , Wesly , you 're a rabbit . for God 's sake . Stretch . Now . Yeah ? Duck . What ? Practice , practice , practice . For love , he will go to a great fight . Practice , practice , practice . to Remote Control Daemon Remote Control Daemon for K4 ( c ) 2010 Frank Scheffold Michael Zanetti Frank Scheffold developer Gav Wood original KDELirc developer reloaded . The remote control Argument is currently available . The unconfigured remote control Argument is now available . Configure Remote Control The remote control Argument has been removed from the system . Orders the applicant to pay the costs . Jung J. I ca n't eat when I 'm looking at those kids . For a few cents a day you can make sure little Kwami has rice and broth instead of mud bowls . Makes you think , does n't it ? And as soon as he came to freedom , he traveled the countryside ... ... announcing non - violence and demanding free India . As you see ... ... I live here by the sea . But in our temple , a priest used to read ... ... from Muslim Koran ... ... and from the Hindus , Gita , jumping from one to the other ... ... as if it did n't matter what book he was reading from ... ... especially when God was worshipped .
R428	Where are you going ? back to ashram . I 'm going to show the Grand King ... ... that the royal decree no longer applies in India . salt ? Yes , sir . He 's about to march ... ... to the sea and make salt . and that 's the basis of the Declaration of Independence ? The day they hit the road ... ... everyone is ready to raise the flag that says , " Free India . " Then he travels 240 miles ... ... to the sea and makes salt . Let them raise those damn flags . That 's what they already got , and they said it was one . Yeah ? Yeah . Look , here 's what we 're gon na do . Avila and I are gon na get in and out of here , like , two miles , okay ? Then we turn around and drive around like a bullet ... ... back that way again . I 'm gon na jump in the car and follow you . Well done . A makeover ? What did Charlie Bronson say ? which Charlie ? Bronson . Okay . I 've arranged the funds for the purchase . When Red says , I 'm ready to continue . Okay . I 'll tell him when he 's done with Soto . Great . Six million dollars . I need three weeks . I need it now .
R429	Finally Mammot leapt to his feet . " I have an investigation to do , " he said absently . ' As for you , Kruppe , Master Baruk wishes to speak to you immediately . ' " I thought I sensed his presence , " Kruppe said , rising to his feet . " Hello , " the scholar said , frowning as he crossed the room . he went into the closet where Kruppe had spent the last hour . Kruppe adjusted the sleeves on his coat . ' Well , ' Kruppe murmured , ' better not to keep Baruk waiting . " At least , " he corrected himself as he headed for the door , " not too long . decorum requires Kruppe to maintain his dignity . This is what ? hippie coffee . Jill did n't come yesterday . No message . weird , is n't it ? Yeah , sure . Hi . Can you climb a tree ? No . Okay . It 'll be fun . By the look of your shirt , I 'm guessing Sage wo n't be far away . I searched every floor of Barneys twice . and try to do it without stopping in the shoe department . I think you should give up the hunt . I should advise her . Just deal with it .
R430	But Saga 's only purpose is to destroy the relationship between me and Steven , and she 's doing it because I 'm lying to him all day . I should keep an eye on her , and I have no idea where she is . And that 's the last thing I want . He 's the most important person in my life now . Look , it 's his job to handle , not yours . Even if it will be difficult , I may have to admit defeat . Well , good luck with that . I 'm here if you need to talk . You 're dating every girl from here to Dayton . He wo n't end up with girls like Megan . but not yet . Okay , I can grow up . I 'm sure you will . one day . But why would a zebra want to change stripes for a cheetah he barely knows ? I just met her , did n't I ? Marco , please tell our crazy tutor that she ca n't kick me out of my own room . why do you have to get so involved in your personal life ? " Well , you know - " he said , and he stopped talking , and he laughed softly . " Say it . " " I do n't know if I should . maybe you want to call the guys with the networks . " especially on this house .
R431	Guys , I was sitting home yesterday , and all of a sudden , I had the Events . No , Ted , this was a phenomenon . and it was : People , we 've had some very legendary evenings . but we also had evenings that were n't so legendary . Eddie Murphy like a fat lady ; what 's the problem ? Was that Eddie Murphy ? From now on , every night of our lives will be a night that we will never forget . Starting today . ... who 's ready for the longest , craziest adventure ever ? ! Vanek , in his speech , praised the maximum openness of the selection procedure , which , in his view , was evidenced by the number of registrations . " Will you come with us ? " " I 'll have to go to Chyrellos and alert a few friendly members of the Church Hierocracy to what Annias is planning . " ' Sparhawk nodded ; then he remembered something . " I 'm not quite sure , " he said , " but I think there 's someone here in Cimmura who 's following me , and I do n't think it 's Elenian . " he smiled at Sephrenia . " I have gone through a training that allows me to distinguish the gentle touch of a Styric mind . 4 . as regards working conditions to be applied to posted workers : weekly and daily working hours ;
R432	Paragraph 1 of Article 2 provides that copies of the equivalent documents must be made available to the competent surveillance authority for a period of six months provided for in Article 2 . This copy shall be situated either at the place of work of the worker posted to Belgium or at the place of the Belgian residence of a natural person who retains the documents as an agent or proxy of the employer . Under Article 5(2 ) , employers must retain that copy for a period of five years and , moreover , must issue the social - law documents provided for in Chapter II of Royal Decree No 5 and pay the pay . 12 Article 6 of the Royal Decree of 29 March 2002 concerns the conditions for making available and storing equivalent documents after the end of the period of employment of workers posted to Belgium . It provides that , after the end of the period in question , employers must send , by registered letter or , in the absence of a delivery , a copy of the equivalent documents and a list of the authorities responsible for the supervision of compliance with social legislation . The dispute in the main proceedings and the question referred for a preliminary ruling 13 It is apparent from the documents before the Court and from the Belgian Government 's written observations that Termiso Limitada regularly sent Portuguese welders and fitters into Antwerp Shiationir NV 's shipyard for work on ships .
R433	On 12 July 2004 , the Supervisory Authority found that 53 Portuguese employees of Termiso Limitada were employed and none of those employees had been submitted a prior notification of the posting . In addition , the Portuguese foreman was unable to produce any wages . 14 According to the Rechtbank van eerste aanleg te Antwerpen , the surveillance authority found that neither the conditions laid down by the Law of 5 March 2002 nor the conditions laid down in Directive 96/71 had been met , so that Belgian social security law had to be applied in relation to social - law documents and , in particular , to individual accounts . That 's exactly the time you were supposed to be on the toast . and now I 'm the one who has to ask : Oh , I 'll try . Wait ! If I tell Marge I won , they 'll find out that I bought an elbow instead of performing with her . Oh , I 'm rich , and I ca n't tell my wife ! Calm down , Homer . Relax . Wow , I look really good down there . Mr. Barney Gumble ! That 's right ! I bought a prize ticket ! actually , after tax , is the amount you 're going to get ... Oh , hey , Phil , stay down there and put your finger in his mouth . Okay . We 're done . We 're done with this .
R434	It 's like a conqueror . There may be no merchandise in the Ark to melt the Nazis ' face . Una Mens . Truly . and they 'll be hungry . Let me go , zombie ! Whicher , hold on . 8 samples were found to be irradiated without appropriately labelled . Analyzed food Number of analysed samples : 78 CEN method used Result : non - irradiated Result : irradiated , not labelled Spices EN 1788 Herbal tea products EN 1788 Food supplements EN 1788 Instant noodles EN 1788 Poultry EN 1788 Poultry EN 1788 Poultry EN 1788 Poultry EN 1788 Poultry EN 1788 88 Total Total in % of analysed samples 3.5 . 141 of these samples , i.e. 3,6 % , did not meet the requirements : 93 were not correctly labelled and 48 were irradiated . Two samples were irradiated in accordance with the authorisation and appropriately labelled . infringements are highly uneven across product categories . In the group ' Asian noodle snacks , party snacks , pizza , TV snacks " 42 of 113 samples ( 37 % ) were treated with irradiation and/or were not properly labelled . It should be noted that most non - compliant samples represented products from Asia . eggs and egg products EN 1784 mod . meat ( including frozen meat , excluding poultry and game ) EN 1784 mod . EN 1786 Meat products ( excluding sausages ) 1784 EN 1784 mod . Reasons for the proposal / initiative 1.6 .
R435	duration and financial impact 1.7 . The objective of State aid in the context of maritime transport is to promote the competitiveness of the EEA fleet in the global maritime transport market . As a consequence , tax relief schemes should , as a rule , require an EEA flag connection . However , they may , exceptionally , be approved in cases where they cover the whole fleet operated by the shipowner , whose company is established in the territory of an EEA State subject to corporate tax , provided that it is established that the strategic and commercial management of all the ships concerned actually takes place from that territory and that this activity contributes significantly to economic activity and employment within the EEA . The evidence provided by the EEA State concerned to demonstrate this economic context should include details of ships owned and operating under the registers of EEA States , EEA nationals employed on ships and ground activities and investments in tangible assets . It should be stressed that the aid must be necessary in order to encourage the return of the strategic and commercial management of all ships concerned to the EEA and , moreover , that the beneficiaries of the schemes must be subject to corporate tax in the EEA .
R436	As stated in the previous paragraph , it should not be forgotten that tax relief schemes require a link with the flag of one of the EEA States . Before the EEA States exceptionally grant ( or confirm ) aid to fleets which also involve ships flying other flags , they should ensure that the beneficiary companies have undertaken to increase , or at least maintain , the tonnage share of one of the EEA States operating under that flag when the Guidelines enter into force . Whenever a company controls a ship operating company within the meaning of the Seventh Council Directive 83/349/EEC ( 18 ) ( Article 1 ) incorporated into the EEA Agreement as point 4 of Annex XXII , the above tonnage share requirement must be applied jointly to the parent company and subsidiaries on a consolidated basis . If the company ( or group ) does not respect this requirement , the relevant EEA State should not provide further tax relief with regard to other EEA - flagged vessels , unless , on average , the share of the total tonnage operated by the EEA flag and eligible for tax relief in the relevant EEA State would have decreased on average during the reporting period referred to in the next paragraph . The EEA requirement for tonnage share set out in this paragraph does not apply to undertakings operating at least 60 % of their tonnage under EEA flags . 15 ° above and below the horizontal .
R437	In section 4.1.5 , the word " H " is replaced by " H'-point " . As regards the third criterion , it was found that the distortion was caused by the former non - market economy system , since investment in infrastructure was made available free of charge to one company in the group . same company benefited from the favourable conditions of the rental of the land it uses . In addition , one company was not able to demonstrate that some of the assets transferred to it were acquired for financial remuneration or at prices corresponding to the market value . In the case of the fourth and fifth criteria , it was found that the companies met these criteria because they were subject to bankruptcy and property law , which guaranteed stability and legal certainty . Currency transfers were carried out using the official exchange rate set by the Bank of China or unleashed from it . The group of companies concerned and the applicant were given an opportunity to comment on the above findings . The applicant had no comments , but the group of companies concerned objected on several grounds . some of these comments were reiterated following definitive disclosure of the facts and considerations on the basis of which it was proposed to impose definitive measures . The most important comments received are described in the explanatory memorandum below .
R438	Even if the applicant 's claim for certain facts which actually remained the same during both the original and the present investigation , namely the agreement on the use right of GT Enterprise , was correct , the following should be pointed out . Jensen , I do n't know you . he 'll come around in a few hours . You promised , with an increasing moon , you 'd come back to me . It 's been months , and I 'm still waiting patiently . The moon in the first quarter is behind my shoulder , and old love is still in my heart . Actually ... he never told me , but I just know it . But one day , my parents decided that I was too old for him , and I never saw him again . Got ta be in L.A. by the end of the week . What would you say if I told you I could get you a job in the field of telemarketing ? Dear God , bless this food , and please help Toby to find the strength not to take any drugs , and when we get to L.A. to find a job and a nice apartment and never find his real father so he can lead his own life . if you get a color test from her , you get a free compact . that is never heard a pessimistic word .
R439	When I have enough money , I 'll get some nice clothes and knock on his door to surprise him . Yes , Mom . Have you talked to Victoria yet ? I do n't even know her yet . Listen , honey . Yes , Mom ? I think you need to cut your hair , honey . And , Roz ... What , Mom ? . . .motionless . . . Honey , I 'm trying to learn . You can learn in the plane . I know . Previously on AMC 's Breaking Bad ... I think I 'd have another job for your uncle . Jesse Pinkman . Does that barrel look familiar to you ? I have Jesse in sight , and he 's coming for me right now . Where are you ? Take a pen . Joke . Do n't go . I got him . guilty to the marrow . So what 's next ? * Adverse reactions that are mainly attributable to entacapone or are more frequent ( by the frequency difference of at least 1 % in the clinical trial data ) with entacapone than levodopa / DDC inhibitor alone . See section c. So maybe it 's a good thing we have a meeting without Nathan . Our problem is n't that we 're holding back . He 's out of control . He does n't go to practice . We caught him drinking last night .
R440	Ready . Your turn . I 'm gon na pull all the strings in Washington that I 'm gon na have to do . You will arrive in Cheyenne within 20 days , in time , with the budget , and I will persuade congress to appoint you permanently before you contact Huntington and his Central Pacific . I 'll take care of Durant . A general from the north , a soldier from the south , working together to unite these United States . This is what this country needs . Well , where the hell is Cheyenne ? I ordered the county administration department to rename the city of Durant to Cheyenne City . Did you rename Durant City ? Yeah , I did . Oh ! No . Can I tell him ? Technical Note : The natural content of hafnium in the zirconium ( typically 2 % to 7 % ) is counted with the zirconium . 33 . ( 28 ) OJ L 108 , 24.4.2002 , p. Come and have dinner . You like the cabin there , do n't you ? It 's fun there . Remember last year , when you did n't go to school for that little girl ? No , Dad . Get a grip , please . and do n't be rude . Come on . with a scholarship to Cornell , you 'd think it would n't be a hard decision .
R441	But no . Now she wants to go to the state in Buffalo to be closer to Thad . I do n't know . Look at you . I saw her ? Look who we have here . It was all my fault . No , no , we both screwed up . I 'm always regretting how I behaved . and I did n't want to hurt you . Yeah , me too . They have great crab cakes . No , I swear I 'll never call you again . I 'll call you right back . We need to talk . And get rid of whoever let you in on the way . He had nothing to do with it . Falling objects Members of staff must be protected by means of collective protection against falling objects whenever technically possible . The materials and equipment must be deployed or accumulated in such a way as to prevent the collapse or overturning . If necessary , covered passageways must be built on the site , or access to hazardous areas must be prevented . what if she regretted this decision ? He 's trying to get Ted Mosby . That 's her best life decision . Here you go . What was that ? You said you wanted a picture of Marvin 's first excursion . Our baby 's first excursion is in the bar . I spilled tequila on Marvin 's fonthanel . So you and me , driving to the sunset ?
R442	What do you say ? Wow , I get out of these rooms a lot . If we do n't get to Hawaii for this , guess who 's not gon na break the disappearing salami for a long time ? I need to ask you both a few questions . 1.3 . For the Type I test only , OVC vehicles ( as categorised in Chapter 2 ) shall be tested according to condition A and condition B. The test results under both condition A and B and the weighted values shall be reported in the approval message form . tiered compression hosiery ( for example , stockings on varicose veins ) : Other : ex 6115 10 90 Other than knee socks ( excluding stockings for varicose veins ) or women 's stockings Other stockings : Mr. Zane . Detective Beckett . Mr. Castle . You 're in a good mood tonight , Mr. Zane . You honor the dead ? Celebrating life ... the way Cano would want it . Well , you must be , Mr. Zane , the kind to forgive and forget , especially after the beating you gave Cano back a couple of nights . We found bruising on the left side of Mr. Vega 's body ... ... from hitting him , including the prints left by your championship ring . This ring has 25 people . Do they all wear it on the left - hand ring ?
R443	but he thought ... " In unity , deep , far and dark , vast as night , and as the light of day , the scent , the colors , the sound responds ... " Hi . No , I 'm busy . Working . I think this is yours . Yes . Thanks . Sari , listen ... during these years , poetry made a huge step . she had simply ceased to idealize beauty , as the romantic ones had forced her to do , - But , above all , the sky did not mean anything but look at things from a new perspective . and there was no inferno under it , - but the earthiness of which it had opened a new way for them to speak of beauty . In the Flowers of Evil , Baudelaire brought beauty back to the world - and gave it to the people . to us , to all of us . ( e ) The object of the declaration described above is in conformity with the relevant Union harmonisation legislation : ... ... ... ... ... . ( reference to other Union acts used ) : References to the relevant harmonised standards used or to the specifications in relation to which conformity is declared : The Directive on the enforcement of intellectual property rights called for a clear retention period , as well as clarification of the legal basis of the related database .
R444	In public health and consumer protection matters , the EDPS issued an opinion on the Consumer Protection Cooperation ( CPCS ) , urging the legislator to reconsider the period of retention and to explore ways to ensure privacy by design . Furthermore , the EDPS intervened in other spheres , such as in the field of the OLAF Reform Regulation , the EU 's fi nancial regulation and the use of digital tachographs for professional drivers . One of the cases concerned the allegedly illegal transfer of medical data between the medical services of the Parliament and the Commission . For the first time , the Civil Service Tribunal of the European Data Protection Supervisor invited the European Data Protection Supervisor to intervene . In its judgment , the Civil Service Tribunal followed the statement of the European Data Protection Supervisor and granted fi nancial compensation to the applicant . Annual REPORT 2011 SUMMARY 9 A similar arrangement governs the supervision of the Customs Information System ( CIS ) in relation to which the EDPS called two meetings of the CIS Supervisory Coordination Group in 2011 . representatives from national data protection authorities , as well as representatives from the Joint Customs Supervisory Authority and the Data Protection Secretariat . In the June meeting , the Group adopted an action plan outlining its planned activities for 2011 and 2012 , while it agreed on its first two coordinated controls at the December meeting .
R445	In Mexico City , data protection and privacy inspectors from around the world have adopted a statement encouraging effective cooperation in the " big data " world . In support of the claim that the high variability observed in the post - fed study is attributable to physiological conditions after a high fat meal and not the differences between the test and the reference pharmaceutical form , the literature data and the results obtained from the fed study were discussed . You give me the suitcase ... and I 'll give you the PDA with the coordinates to the weapons . The FBI told us exactly where they were . " We 'll call them , the city 's seven feet underwater - " Hey , five days , chill . " to Helsinki . Someone got into our hiding place , took Joshua , and killed our agents . for the two guards I had to kill , maybe . and I 'd be without my hard - earned money . I 'm sorry , Joshua ca n't come to the phone right now , but thanks for the ride . We 're looking for a grey van , Louisiana Alpha - Golf - November 803 . Unit 14 en route to Lower Nine . Whoa ! Oh , jeez , OK . Stop , please . Good night , Paul . Caroline ! I need to talk to you . that 's all right . Sorry to bother you , Count .
R446	Reasonable adjustments do not necessarily require significant structural changes in buildings whose structure is specifically protected by national law owing to their historical , cultural or architectural value . This burden shall not be considered disproportionate if it is sufficiently remedied by measures existing in the Member State concerned . The principle of reasonable accommodation and a disproportionate burden must be understood within the meaning of Directive 2000/78/EC and the UN Convention of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities . Amendment 60 Proposal for a directive Article 4 - paragraph 3 3 . we 're gon na deal with any lawsuits . Forget the nuclear power plants before we know they 're safe . the plastic stuff we do , we 're gon na have to stop making it . and when we get there , we should have won ! Hi . How 's it going ? Okay , thank you . Well , God , do n't be so vague and give it a little appreciation . Tell us what you really think about that . She was afraid to tell Dad about us . He 's a terrible son - of - a - bitch . I 'm sure you did n't mean that when you ran out of here . because ... if I say it now , it wo n't go back . Depends on the point of view . That 's what you always do .
R447	B - B - C - C - C - C - C - C - C - C - C - E. and they 're not marinated , they 're still sticking to my teeth . because Sanjay has a black belt in the curry championship . We did it . We did it . I repeat , this is Whiskey X - ray 448 for General Kirby . Please respond . an unidentified plane . If I 'd sunk just above the surface , the waves would have hidden us . When the Matrix comes , he 'll laugh , too . Mr. Bennett , my soldiers are patriots . and he does n't care if he 's alive . And between the Matrix and you , there 's only one thing ... me . OK . Here we go . She loved that coffee shop . she covered the rest of the cheesecake and put it in the refrigerator , then took the rag and wiped the last of the crumbs off the tables . she went to the door and opened a woman about the same age with dark red hair pulled back into the braces . Her name was Natalie . Article 113 Independence ( Article 87 of the Financial Regulation ) Article 114 Responsibilities of the internal auditor ( Article 87 of the Financial Regulation )
R448	Such decision shall be notified to the interested party . The authority may delegate the investigation to the direct responsibility of one or more officials equal to or higher than that of the staff member concerned . The report of the investigation shall be forwarded to the interested party , who shall then be heard by the institution on the report . On the basis of the report and the hearing , the institution shall adopt either a reasoned decision terminating the procedure or a reasoned decision in accordance with Articles 22 and 86 to 89 of the Staff Regulations . decisions imposing disciplinary measures or financial penalties shall be notified to the interested party and shall be sent to the other institutions and the Court of Auditors for information . Article 115 Application before the Court of Justice of the European Communities ( Article 87 of the Financial Regulation ) brought in accordance with Article 91(5 ) of the Staff Regulations . film - coated tablet oral use film - coated tablet film - coated tablet oral use film - coated tablet oral use film - coated tablet Nothing will stop me this time , Smee . That 's it . My finger 's on the trigger . Do n't try to stop me , Smee . That 's it . Do n't try to stop me , Smee . Do n't you dare stop me this time , Smee . Try to stop me . Come here !
R449	When we 're inside , there 's a long passageway that 's being followed by a camera . If I get down there , I 'll get into the vault . I 'll let you know . and when I find the vault , all I have to do is open it . is exquisitely secure and fireproof . Uh , you 're gon na need heavy metal to get through a fireproof tin . details . Let 's go pretty gradually , Moz . Okay . What 's going on ? Something bothering you ? What ? What did I do ? I want to dance . Why , if you have me ? I might find someone better . Yes ? Are you coming ? I 'm your ... ? The members also recalled the discussion held at the meetings of the Directors of Medicines Agencies , where the Directors of Medicines Agencies considered that a harmonised system for managing conflicts of interest across the network could not be enforced . Instead , the policies adopted by the Agency should be used as a reference source in the development of national policies in this area . To tell you the truth , I do n't know . New York Museum of Art . we actually think it 's just a simulation . I 'd say we 're in some kind of virtual reality , made according to our ideas , rather than the Daniels .
R450	How come you 're not even happy about the opportunities I gave you ? Pleasure ? Why should I be happy to see them kill my friends ? or are your parents dying ? I have challenged both of you before you . you have it inside you . and why do n't you just let us go ? STRESSES the crucial importance of the effectiveness of investment in the health systems of the future , which should be measured and monitored by the Member States concerned ; RECOGNISES the importance of policy - making and decision - making processes that are evidence - based and supported by adequate health information systems ; RECOGNISES that there is a need to share evidence in the European Union on the modernisation of health systems and on new approaches to healthcare ; RECOGNISES that health promotion and disease prevention are key factors in the long - term sustainability of health systems ; UNDERLINES that a key prerequisite for the functioning of modern , dynamic health systems is the availability of a sufficient number of adequately trained health professionals in each Member State , and each Member State should cover its needs and respect the WHO Global Code of Policy in international recruitment ;
R451	the myth lowered the sword , and the Clock stopped twenty - five seconds before midnight . " Do you have any doubts , Satan ? " is that what you wish ? " " Why , I believe I will , " Mym said . " Why should I limp little by little , when I can do my intention in one glorious outburst ? all mortal worries abolished by one wave ! " now another Incarnations appeared . The Thanatos came on his white horse , Mortis , and his wife , Luna , behind him . No , not strangely , it 's his departure , mindful of his movement backwards . and Gaia materialized from a cloud of mist . all are aware that this is the final exam . " To ease the hardships of war . " in the case of any personal data which may be exchanged pursuant to point IV.3(a ) of Section IV(3 ) ; ( a ) to ( g ) to ( g ) , a member of the programme may request access and/or amendment to the data relating to him / her which is processed by the customs authority . Each customs authority shall notify its members of the programme to submit access and/or change requests first through their own trade partnership programme . The customs authority shall , where necessary and in accordance with its national law , correct any such inaccurate or incomplete data .
R452	at the request of the supplying customs authority , the receiving customs authority shall update , correct , block or erase the information received under this Decision which is incorrect or incomplete , or if their collection or further processing is contrary to this Decision or agreement . Every customs authority shall notify the other customs authority of the other Party that the relevant information transmitted to the customs authority of the other Party or received from it pursuant to this Decision is incorrect or unreliable , or significant doubts are raised . Where a customs authority determines that information received from the customs authority of the other Party under this Decision is inaccurate , it shall take all the measures it considers appropriate , that such erroneous information is not used , including the addition , deletion or correction of such information . their respective independent bodies ( on the US side , the Head of the Privacy Protection Office of the Ministry of Internal Security , on the EU side , the European Data Protection Supervisor and on the EU Member States ) are supervised by the customs authorities of the two Parties . These authorities have powers for effective supervision , investigation , intervention and review , and have , where appropriate , the power to order the prosecution or disciplinary action of the law . They shall ensure that complaints relating to infringements of law are recognised , investigated , answered and properly satisfied .
R453	You bastard ! I have news for you , Mulder . Who was it ? The man with the package . Yes . Mulder , it 's me . Listen to me . Whatever it is in that rock , it 's lethal . What is it ? Dr. Sacks , he 's ... I do n't really know , Mulder . I 've never seen this before . I do n't know if he 's alive or dead . I need something from you . Look , I 'll be out of the barn in an hour . If you do n't mind , I 'll take this canteen . Where can I fill it ? Does that mean anything to you ? What is it ? Hey ! Come on ! you were right . But I like the fact that a bullet shot in your face does n't kill you . And now you 're gon na tell me who you are and what the fuck you 're doing on my farm ? Okay . Time travel has n't been invented yet . But 30 years from now , it will be . He had three houses marked on it . One of them is yours . Hello , Judge , this is Toni Bernette . I 'm sorry to call so late , but my daughter was arrested in West Jefferson , and they 're taking her to a juvenile detention facility in Harvey .
R454	You were right , it had to be baked . It 's hard to say " no " when we all know each other . and you came up with a better offer . I 'm not sure anyone 's worth a better offer , if you know what I mean . It does n't seem to be a priority for anyone to save money for . Anyway , you did what you could , and I 'm grateful to you . Without your efforts , it would n't have succeeded . Thank you . Is there a family member or counsel for the defendant ? Here , Your Honor . I 'm sorry I got you back here . but no . But it 's not . It 's been a long time . the Sovent Railroad Station . You are charged with 40 cases of theft , possession of illegal weapons , possession of narcotics , and 17 cases of possession of stolen property . Yes , of course . I ... John , may I interrupt you for a moment and give my opinion ? If I 'm not mistaken , you 're Mr. Nokes . Chief Prosecutor John Nokes . " Blood at the beginning , blood at the end . " It 's all gon na be in my report-- - Does n't help ? Let 's be clear about what happened . database operation was successful .
R455	database operation is not enabled for feedback attributes . database operation failed . database operation could not determine the distinguished name associated with the record . database operation failed to find any more deleted records . database operation failed to create a partition table . can not optimize the filter of this database operation . The database operation can not be performed on attributes with this syntax . the database pointer is not located on the right value . database operation can only be performed on linked attributes . database operation failed with unexpected exception . The Lisbon process and industrial parks The Lisbon process considers it particularly important to develop innovation as a means of fostering growth , employment and sustainability , promoting the dissemination of technology , as well as the use and marketing of R&D results . The industrial parks and the related structures have a particularly important role to play between its organisational , financial and legal conditions . industrial parks have a very specific role to play in promoting innovation . You gon na be okay ? I did n't see that . Well , it was n't so bad , was it , Roy ? Roy ! That 's good ... good . Are you okay ? Yeah , I 've never felt better . Wow . he did n't hold back . to Roy . So what 's with you and Roy ? I should have told you to go to hell . Get out . Out !
R456	My boy will never come back . you seem horribly certain . Excuse me ? You know what they say , three days . Well , every case is different . It 's been weeks . Of course . You ca n't fire the Misty just because he does n't have talent . I 'm not exactly playing Mia . It 's good to see again . Regulation ( EC ) No 1907/2006 on the Registration , Evaluation , Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals ( REACH ) small and medium - sized enterprises report that : They have reservations about the complicated information obligations and the costs involved , the inconsistent application of the Regulation in the Member States and the lack of consistency with specific legislation on chemicals , such as the restriction of the use of hazardous substances , biocidal products , endocrine disruptors and the safety of toys . In March 2013 , the Commission adopted an Commission Implementing Regulation 8 which reduces charges for small and medium - sized enterprises ( SMEs ) , - lowering registration fees of 35 % for medium - sized enterprises , 65 % for small businesses and 95 % for micro - enterprises .
R457	In addition , further implementation guidelines are under preparation and the European Chemicals Agency ( ECHA ) has created , at the request of the Commission , an official representative of small and medium - sized enterprises ( SMEs ) to integrate in its activities the specific needs of small and medium - sized enterprises ( SMEs ) and for stakeholders to do so . In the present case , it was found that the complaint lodged by the Community industry is sufficiently substantiated by supporting evidence and therefore the initiation of the present proceeding was fully justified . In accordance with Article 9(1 ) of the basic Regulation , an anti - dumping proceeding may be terminated where the complaint is withdrawn , unless such termination would not be in the Community interest . In the examination of Community interest and in accordance with Article 21 of the basic Regulation , the interests of the exporting producers can not be taken into account . In this context , it should be noted that the Commission has not received comments from any of the participants referred to in Article 21 of the basic Regulation , such as users , importers or consumers , which would suggest that such termination would not be in the Community interest .
R458	These additional rules concern , in particular , the tasks , duties and powers of the Data Protection Officer . The purpose of the implementing rules is to clarify the procedures to enable data subjects to exercise their rights and to fulfil their obligations within the institutions and bodies of the Community in the processing of personal data . Article 1 Purpose 1 . This Decision lays down general rules for the implementation of the Regulation in relation to the European Parliament . We just want to be together . We want something for free . Hey , Monica , it 's Joey . We would have checked , but you took our keys . Do something . Get inside ! How ? Maybe I could break the door . Yeah , do it . and if you do , will you think I 'm weird ? The doctor will be here in a minute to make you an ultrasound . Right now ? Subject : Child care in EU Member States Answer from the Commission ( 4 September 2007 ) Medicinal product no longer authorised common This is crazy ! Yes . Alone . You must be cold . I 'll give you ... 182 . ( 10 ) www.truckinform.eu . You mean my dreams ? Forget about them I 've been thinking about it . I 'll wait for you for 20 years . I do n't care what happens , I 'm clear on it .
R459	We 're done , you 've disappointed me What the hell do you want me to do , leave me out of it ? Hey , hey , wait Goddamn it ! Mamora san , wait Hey , wait ! Stop ! What 's going on ? Costs 98 Under Article 87(2 ) of the Rules of Procedure , the unsuccessful party is to be ordered to pay the costs if they have been applied for in the successful party 's pleadings . 99 Since the Commission has been unsuccessful and the applicants have applied for costs , the Commission must be ordered to pay the costs . Annex No 27/T&Q Member State Portugal Stock BFT / AE045W Species Bluefin tuna ( Thunnus thynnus ) Atlantic Ocean , east of longitude 45 ° W , and Mediterranean Date Date Basel II does not allow the possibility of waiving these capital requirements . Results of consultations with interested parties and impact assessment This proposal builds on several public consultations on requirements for quantitative aspects , governance and communication of information . Come on , come on ! Blind : Really ? Is that true ? He 's lucky , is n't he ? He just comes out of the house , he has a bride . Heller : with the venue . Poruka : Porubka ... Heller : Here . You 've come a long way , Mariko . And you say the Germans came to see you ?
R460	work : But how did she get past the front ? There are mines everywhere . You see , Francis , there are gaps in the queue . That 's my definition . someone who would want to murder Sidorov . A lot of people are n't crazy enough to do that . he had to betray someone . Okay . I know . J.Lo was so in love . I really thought she was gon na make it this time . Do you have it ? Is everything all right ? Not really . Thanks . Oh , yeah , even though we 've outdone this . Either way . So , it 's the season of Catalina again . Thank God we do n't have to do this anymore . Actually , I thought maybe I could take the kids . You 're taking the children to Catalina without me ? If you approve . That 's a little weird , Mel . but weird is our specialty . Go for it . I thought one of the benefits of a parent 's divorce was that no one would be deported to custody at Catalina . I wanted to go to Oxnard with you and your family . Yeah . Answer me ! Who 's first ? ! three stones . That 's us . Buffy ... I 'll get us out . Why did you persuade me to come here ? South wall . What are you doing ? I 'm sorry .
R461	near the student college ... and the sorority house ! A fraternity ? 66 Lastly , it states that neither the exclusion provided for in Article 12 of the Directive nor the finding that Article 16a of the Grundgesetz is incompatible with the directive necessarily entails a loss of the right to reside in Germany in the case of the respondents in the main proceedings . 67 In that context , the Bundesverwaltungsgericht decided to stay the proceedings and to refer , in each of the cases in the main proceedings , the five questions referred for a preliminary ruling , the wording of which is slightly different in the light of the circumstances of each of those cases : ( e ) coordinate , where appropriate , the development of additional annexes ; ( f ) where appropriate , the adoption of working procedures for regulatory cooperation and transparency for all activities referred to in Article 4 which are not otherwise developed by the Joint Sectoral Committees . The text will be available : from the Europa competition web site ( http://europa.eu.int/comm/competition/mergers/cases/ ) free of charge . innovative nature , technical complementarity and avoidance of duplication of other existing actions at EU level ( 6 points ) : he did not get up and started pacing like Miles ; among other things , it was because , under Quinn 's critical gaze , he felt as if he were beginning to walk . " So what I found out and what I think .
R462	when Norwood underwent cryogenic training on Escobar , he became acquainted with a certain Dr. Irene or Iris Durona of Jackson , who was also an internship in the Cryo - Cryrter Resurrection Department . They felt certain sympathy for each other , enough for Norwood to remember when he was surrounded by the Bharaputra . and he trusted her enough to send her the cryo - chamber . because the Durona Group works for Felly . " " Wait a minute , " Quinn said . With a gesture , Mark silenced her . " Let me take a trip to Jacksonian history , if my knowledge is sufficient . about 90 or 100 years ago -- " Any questions ? You want something to drink ? Yes , Joe ? Hey , you want something to drink ? Of course . As long as it looks like we 're not gon na make it , he 's gon na kill us both . Just keep working . if he asks anything , we 're just working on it . documents to declare the status of disease - free zones or compartments in accordance with Article 50(2 ) of Directive 2006/88/EC shall be submitted in accordance with the model forms set out in Annexes IV and V to this Decision . Appropriations 2008 Appropriations 2007 Outturn 2006 Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover expenditure relating to equipment necessary for the proper operation of the Commission 's meeting rooms .
R463	amounts to cover the equivalent expenditure in respect of research are entered under various items in Article 01 05 of the titles concerned . This appropriation covers expenditure incurred within the territory of the Community , excluding offices in the Community . ( 5 ) Council Directive 90/270/EEC of 29 May 1990 on the minimum safety and health requirements for work with display screen equipment ( fifth individual Directive within the meaning of Article 16(1 ) of Directive 89/391/EEC ) ( OJ L 156 , 21.6.1990 , p. 14 ) , as amended by Directive 2007/30/EEC . EC ( OJ L 165 , 27.6.2007 , p. 21 ) . Evaluation of agencies Recalls the joint statement by the Parliament , the Council and the Commission ( 9 ) negotiated at the conciliation before the meeting of the ECOFIN Council of 13 July 2007 calling for ( i ) a list of agencies which the Commission intends to assess ; and ( ii ) a list of the agencies already assessed , together with a summary of the main findings ; construction has not yet begun . This applies only in the case of initial construction , and not of maintenance . Why do you think I care what you want to tell me ? You have to listen to me . Please do n't say you 're sorry . But I 'm sorry ! She told me what you did ... what the fuck you were thinking , you little fucking delinquent loser ?
R464	that 's what he does , Elise . He uses them , manipulates them , manipulates them , You broke your mother 's heart ... Fuck you ! What did you say ? You were still harassing her ! They said I could choose my own name . I 'm over it . That 's enough . You see , and that 's why I want a divorce . * Get too close to the flame ... * It 's nice in the fresh air . I got ta tell you , you 're claustrophobic . Have you ever been to Paramount ? Oh , look , there 's something filming here . Not really . You want to go to New York ? It 's all there is . Mountains , beaches , great weather . There 's no weather . 4.3 Option 3 : Revision of inland waterway legislation The existing EU legislation on the transport of dangerous goods would be revised and simplified , the current Directives merged and the scope of the legislation extended to transport by inland waterway within the meaning of ADN . Section 5 : Analysis of impacts 5.1 Potential economic , social and environmental impacts of the options Policy options vary in the degree of economic , social and environmental impact , although their impact is overall small .
R465	There is no dispute that the transport of dangerous goods requires rules to ensure that such operations are carried out in a way that minimises the risk to the public , the environment and transport workers . It could be expected that simplified rules would be better accepted , thus reducing the risks and likelihood of negative impact on all areas : economic , social and environmental . While stakeholders would have welcomed these changes , their impact in all areas would appear to be limited . As well as transport of dangerous goods by road and rail , transport by inland waterways does not require rules to ensure safe transport and risk minimisation for society as a whole , the workers involved and the environment . The rules governing international transport operations in the Rhine ( ADN - R ) and the Danube ( ADN - D ) and national operations in countries with inland waterways are already in place , where dangerous goods are transported . rules for international operations are complementary to national rules . While it is appreciated that many Member States try to link national and international rules , the fact remains that there is still a wide range of rules , especially in the enlarged Community . No , no , no . It 's not from me . Grandma ? Mom ? Just say thank you when you see her . At times like this , I feel like I can do anything .
R466	with those shoes , I feel like I 'm floating in the air . I feel stronger with them , faster . I love my mom . or at least I try . I 'm trying to enjoy these moments . Is that you ? Hi ! and do n't bother telling me I should n't . He rummaged through his dark hair , like her own platinum . " And I think I have the same suspicion as you . High Ridge treats them like a footman , the Erewhonese are losing alliance to Manticore , and now that Haven has a new government , they 're starting to think about us . " She nodded . " Our ambassador in Erewhon is Guthrie , and that 's no good . that is , at best , a second - rate sorta . I do n't have a grudge against him , but I ca n't say much about him either . in essence , the man who 's riding . Pritchart nodded again . Wilhelm Trajan was poisoned by it , and Wilhelm himself did n't exactly have lightning reflexes . As far as I know , the Guthrie and Pallier managed to avoid every probe sent to us , like a virgin avoiding the groping of a dirty man . ' 1a .
R467	Last update : 25 - 07 - 2007 she looked up as Katherine approached her desk . Regulation ( EC ) No 3223/94 lays down , pursuant to the outcome of the Uruguay Round multilateral trade negotiations , the criteria whereby the Commission fixes the standard values for imports from third countries , in respect of the products and periods stipulated in the Annex thereto . In compliance with the above criteria , the standard import values must be fixed at the levels set out in the Annex to this Regulation , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION : Dr. Bailey , what 's going on ? His gut broke . I have to cut the entire abscess out . Would n't it be enough to put him on antibiotics ? I 'm more concerned about his life right now , dr . Yang , not research . suction . You did great with that boy today , Karev . I do n't like Mark ... not at all . Take Jake here . Do you think his dad was overwhelmed when Jake asked for the cookies for Christmas , not the tires ? He tried , gave ballet a chance , because he loved his son . and why not ? I 'm not that dazed . I sleep here , not in my room . Boo - hoo . Chou , help me ! What are you doing ? No , Man Choi . a significant part returns with a disease that requires treatment .
R468	It 's called the New Year 's Meeting Board . Silence ! Good morning . Good morning . What happened ? We 're back . Look at you . It was a gift ? Come on . They keep warm . are so hairy and warm . I 'll get it . It should only be added that , in the interests of clarification of Article 1(3 ) , the rules of the section on recognition should also apply to the judgments of the Court of Justice of the European Communities when the issue of their recognition in States which are not members of the European Community arises . Yeah , and then he gave me a nice , warm hug . I believe you deserved it . Can you stop doing that ? With what ? with this behavior . First impressions are usually deceptive . it 's usually the other way around . Is that why you 're a smug , superficial whore ? Looks like you two got to know each other better . Gregers ... Tikken . We 'll talk another time . What are you doing ? For the full list of these medicines , see the package leaflet . Why has Irbesartan Hydrochlorothiazide Zentiva been approved ? Other information about Irbesartan Hydrochlorothiazide Zentiva The European Commission granted a marketing authorisation valid throughout the European Union for Irbesartan Hydrochlorothiazide Winthrop on 19 January 2007 . The name of the product was amended to Irbesartan Hydrochlorothiazide Zentiva on 6 February 2012 .
R469	This summary was last updated in 07 - 2013 . Irbesartan Hydrochlorothiazide Zenene Page 3/3 EUR - Lex - 32003D0459 - EN Avis juridique important 32003D0459 EN Official Journal of the European Union L 154 , 21/06/2003 P. On the desk in the bedroom , inhabited by a detective , there were photographs of two teenage boys , but I assumed his children had never used a second bedroom , never came to visit . I walked slowly through these rooms , passageways , and bathroom , but I could see nothing that I thought would contribute to the investigation . When I got back to the living room , I did n't see Rachel or Thompson . " Rachel ? " no answer . I went through the laundry room , opened the door , and peered into the dark garage , but I did n't see anyone there either . When I got back to the kitchen , I saw the door ajar , I looked out the window over the sink . I saw some movement in a high bush in the backyard . Rachel went through the bush with her head down , Thompson followed her . the courtyard stretched about forty feet back . Rachel and Thompson followed the trail between the bushes away from the house . Article 2 Implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 1057/2011 is hereby repealed .
R470	Done at Brussels , 19 January 2012 . The results of the environmental impact assessment of projects and plans or programmes defining the framework for future approval of projects in question shall be without prejudice to this Decision . ( c ) promote the exchange of knowledge and experience , as well as common initiatives in the form of international cooperation between research and education institutions , between agricultural and environmental organisations and between the media . Contracting Parties shall endeavour to distinguish between agricultural policy measures at all levels on the basis of different local conditions and promote mountain farming in view of the natural handicaps of the region . Daniel , we had an accident . I know . There 's the most beautiful light Barber is dead . What ? Come on . Buddy Israel ? I heard downstairs that they had someone . a Swede . Swede . Do you know anything about a Swede ? Definitely not . He 's a specialist . I thought we could take off and get Israel first . Double tricks . ... to blackmail them ... and collect the money . and we can do this ? The old man will die soon . They 've got guts . always . Do you think they 'll pay for Israel ?
R471	In addition to their work , they used the time spent here for excursions in the vicinity of the Czech - Saxon border , where they took many beautiful paintings and engravings of natural beauty . They were so enthusiastic about the beauty of the landscape that they refused to return to Switzerland on the grounds that their " Switzerland " had just been found . since 1785 , the sign Saxony Switzerland has become quite common . Following the creation of Czechoslovakia in 1918 , the name of the Czech Switzerland for the Czech part of this magnificent region arose . History of the State The oldest findings - evidence of settlements of the countryside - are from the time of the vacuum , so they are about 10,000 years old . To this day , four such mesolitic housing sites have been discovered . ' Chani is having a child . ' health does not allow her to accompany me now . " before Scytale could suppress it , a strange emotion ran across the girl 's face : a thrill of lost mental equilibrium , fear . Scytale reminded himself that every victim must be able to escape - even as Muad'dib did . even if the conspiracy has n't gone bankrupt . it 's a creature developed exactly according to a certain template . self - destructed before it turned into the opposite of this template . that could be the way to do this .
R472	his power will rise , by altitude , not by war . " " So he does n't want to be like Hitler , " Aideen said . " He wants to be King Alfonso . " What we may see here is the beginning of trying to make Amadori the absolute leader of Castile , and to make her the military core of some new Spain . the core that dictates to other regions . The European Medicines Agency , established by Regulation ( EC ) No 726/2004 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 March 2004 laying down Community procedures for the authorisation and supervision of medicinal products for human and veterinary use and establishing a European Medicines Agency ( 6 ) ( hereinafter referred to as ' the Agency' ) , should keep a publicly available list of medicinal products subject to additional monitoring . In cooperation with the Agency and the competent national authorities and in consultation with organisations of patients , consumers , doctors and pharmacists , social and health insurance companies and other interested parties , the Commission should report to the European Parliament and the Council on the assessment of the readability of the summaries of product characteristics and the package leaflets and their contribution to healthcare professionals and the general public .
R473	Experience has shown that the responsibilities of marketing authorisation holders for pharmacovigilance of authorised medicinal products should be clarified more clearly . It is also appropriate to ensure that all relevant information on the safety of the medicinal product that has been collected is taken into account when deciding on the renewal of the marketing authorisation . In order to ensure close cooperation between the Member States in the field of pharmacovigilance , the mandate of the coordination group established by Article 27 of Directive 2001/83/EC should be extended to include the examination of issues related to pharmacovigilance of all medicinal products authorised by Member States . In order to carry out its new tasks , the coordination group should be further strengthened by the adoption of clear rules as regards the expertise required , the procedures for reaching consensus and attitudes , transparency , independence of its members and their obligation of professional secrecy and the need for cooperation between the Union and national authorities . The agreement in the coordination group should be sufficient for the introduction of pharmacovigilance measures across the Union . In such cases , the Commission should adopt harmonised measures for all medicinal products concerned on the basis of an assessment at Union level . No 3137/74 ( OJ L 333 , 13.12.1974 , p. 27 ) . That 's the talking opener your mom gave us when she was riding the rodeo ! The talking opener ! and we blamed Violet .
R474	Now we 're gon na have to apologize to her . We ca n't . when he 's drinking with his buddies for the first time , we 're gon na be totally cool about it . Yeah , but what if her friends do n't drink ? You got it , blorgone ! Good work , Inspector . Yeah , is n't that great ? but it 's probably going to London during World War Il . requests for subsequent verification of proof of origin issued under preferential agreements or autonomous arrangements between Morocco and a new Member State may be submitted or accepted by the competent customs authorities of Morocco or the new Member States for a period of three years after the issue of the proof of origin concerned . Article 5 Goods in transit 1 . The provisions of the Euro - Mediterranean Agreement may be applied to goods exported from Morocco to one of the new Member States or from one of the new Member States to Morocco which comply with the provisions of Protocol 4 and on the date of accession or in temporary storage in a customs warehouse or in a free zone in Morocco or in a new Member State . The Commission forwarded these comments to France and gave them the opportunity to react ; the comments received by France by letter of 5 October 2010 . A meeting with the French authorities was also held on 18 November 2010 .
R475	II.1 . FSI , FMEA , CDC Entreprises As a result of the economic crisis which started in 2008 , France created a Strategic Investment Fund ( FSI ) in support of its economy . soon thereafter , FSI created in partnership with the PSA Peugeot Citroën Group ( ' PSA' ) and the Renault group ( ' Renault ' ) , the FMEA . While the objective of the FSI is to invest in all types of enterprise , regardless of the economic sector , the FMEA is only investing in car parts manufacturers . The Strategic Investment Fund , which has funds amounting to EUR 20 billion , was set up by the French Government in December 2008 to address the capital needs of enterprises considered to be the holder of the growth and competitiveness of the French economy . Under its management , the FSI invests only in enterprises that have good prospects of growth and competitiveness in terms of the French economy . Member States ' efforts have been limited to the level of stand - alone national interoperability , which is now introduced in most countries with an electronic toll system . It is necessary to make a substantive change in the sense of pan - European interoperability in order to accelerate the provision of EETS on fair , reasonable and non - discriminatory access conditions .
R476	Discussions are still ongoing in all other Member States with a view to completing the corresponding legal and regulatory framework before October 2012 . - Some Toll Chargers propose a contractual clause which automatically terminates the contract if the EETS Provider has not reached a pan - European coverage within 24 months [ 16 ] . This clause represents a significant business risk and discourages potential EETS providers . loss of the delegation of EETS - provider depends on public authorities and should be decided only if the organisation concerned has no real interest in achieving a full European coverage . - The total cost of assessing interoperability and conducting the ' suitability for use' tests required by certain Toll Chargers from EETS Providers may constitute a barrier to entry . However , as has already been explained , the professionals involved should take advantage of the possibility offered in the Euronette legislation to mitigate the potential financial risks of toll collectors and EETS Providers . - Some of the concession contracts in force may need to be amended . Toll collectors , for example , will be forced to adjust the toll rates to finance the necessary investments they have to carry out in order to adapt their infrastructure . In the case of tolling , the concession contracts for the storage of the toll shall be concluded between the Toll Charger and the Member State or Agency acting under the direct control of public authorities .
R477	Why are men like that ? Believe me , I have no idea . And now you loved him too much ? of course . then you could explain something to me that I do n't understand ? I made a mistake . But for her most valued passenger , it was the most ingenious plan yet . woman : She chose to disguise President Lincoln as a black man and travel with him on many secret secret slave paths . voice in BACKGROUND : recharge ! LEE : Nathanson , get down ! What 's on the chip ? Give me a kiss . Can I help you ? Go get some sleep . Your Honor , the defence will prove that for several reasons , this written record should not be taken into account . If the court does , I will be forced to ask the court ... Your mother wants you to come to lunch on Sunday . Well , your brothers are coming . with children . Hi , honey . Let 's go . Excuse me . This is Ramon , your new colleague . Where 's your uniform ? Figure 1 - Accumulated annual payments of fees ( profit data source : industry financial reports )
R478	Therefore this Regulation should enter into force on the day of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION : Article 1 The standard import values referred to in Article 136 of Implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 543/2011 are fixed in the Annex to this Regulation . Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on the day of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 4 February 2013 . Where 's Amy ? No ! Amy ? Amy ? What happened ? Look , I was looking at the paintings when something hit me in the back . That 's good . It 's over , and we 're here . Take it easy . What 's going on ? What 's he doin' ? Go ! Yeah , yeah , yeah . Municipality of Vitanje Grajski trg 1 SLO-3205 Vitanje Website : http://www.uradni-list.si/1/ulonline.jsp?urlid=200770&dhid=91166 Other information : The measure concerning the payment of insurance premiums to insure crops and products includes the following adverse climatic events which can be assimilated to natural disasters : spring frost , hail , lightning , fire caused by lightning , storm and floods . But he was recognized during the battle in the third camp .
R479	his eyes blazed with what Thrall knew as a demonic flame . " I can not sit safely far from where someone else is going to expose myself to the danger I have been hiding from , " Thrall replied . " Nobody wants you to , " Doomhammer said . " People talk , " Thrall said , remembering the rumors and rumors he 'd heard on the parade ground . the memory still resented him , but now he was glad of the experience . " The orcs in the other camps can not know how we liberated the other three . Let us hope that as soon as the way out is free , they will set off on their own . " Okay . I see King Arthur and his company have taken over the house . Darling , Robin Hood had a company . Arthur had the Knight of the Round Table . You know that . Yeah , I know . How could I not know if that 's what you 're talking about ? We 're professors of ancient literature , Allie . It 's our job . And they 're not dreams that seem to most girls who dream of knights and shining armor . There 's a lot of dirt and sweat in mine , and they 're missing about half of their teeth . during Arthur 's times , dental hygiene was not considered ... Dad , seriously ! I 'm sorry .
R480	' Article 26a 1 . The use of sealed containers of 0,5 , 1 , 2 , 3,5 , 10 and 25 kg must be used for packaging the dried product . No . is not . Come on . must be from a real estate agent . It 's okay . It 's okay . It 's okay . I had a dream yesterday . You were in the house ... You called my name ... Fred ! Fred ! " Cleaning service , " she announced . " I 'm sorry to be so late , but it 's a busy day . Tomorrow I 'll clean your room first . " ( 2 ) EN Official Journal of the European Union L 176/30 COMMISSION DECISION of 15 June 2005 amending Annexes I and II to Decision 2002/308/EC as regards the lists of approved zones and approved fish farms as regards viral haemorrhagic septicaemia ( VHS ) and infectious haematopoietic necrosis ( IHN ) or both ( notified by number C(2005 ) 1766 ) For successful participation in interpersonal relations and society , it is important to understand the rules of behaviour and customs which are widely recognised in different societies and environments ( e.g. at work ) , to know the basic concepts in relation to individuals , groups , working organisations , equal status for women and men , society and culture .
R481	An understanding of the multicultural and socio - economic dimensions of European societies and how national cultural identities interact with the European identity . The basis for this ability is to communicate constructively in different environments , to express and understand different opinions , to act in such a way as to create confidence , and to show empathy . 24 Dita Danosa took the view that she had been unlawfully removed from her office and , on 31 August 2007 , brought an action against LKB before the Rīgas pilsētas Centra fielona tiesa ( the Riga - Centre District Court ) . 25 Before that court , Dita Danosa asserted that , following her appointment , she had duly performed her duties , provided for in the articles of association and the rules of procedure of the board of directors . It also claimed that , since she had received remuneration for her work and took leave , it must be considered that there was an employment relationship . her revocation was contrary to Article 109 of the Labour Code , which concerns the prohibition on dismissal , since , at the time of the dismissal , she was 11 weeks pregnant . What is it ? Get your ass out here ! I told you I did n't care if I lived ... You know I was joking , right ? You set the pace . Give me the rope . Give me the rope ! Stay in the shadow of the mountain .
R482	The traveller has much to discover and explore , and the European Union makes it much easier . You can cross most borders within the EU without being checked and the euro makes it easier to shop around for bargains . You have easy access to healthcare if you need it , and pets no longer have to be left behind . If you drive , your driving licence and motor insurance policy issued in one EU country are valid in all the others . More information and helpful advice , together with a map of Europe , can be found inside this leaflet . I 'm going to do some F force . I 'll draw it as a straight line . I 'm making some kind of F - force at some angle . 62 . ( 12 ) OJ L 165 , 18.06.2013 , p. 85 In the first place , although the applicants claim that they sell a single product , namely Ensolv , they do not mention any part of their total turnover , represented by their sales of that product in the Community . Consequently , the applicants have not demonstrated that they do not sell outside the Community , which would have allowed them to survive until the decision of the Court of First Instance in the main proceedings . 86 Secondly , the applicants do not adduce any evidence relating to their current financial situation .
R483	88 Secondly , as regards the consequences of the classification of nPB as a category 2 toxic product , the applicants claim , in essence , that that classification causes the withdrawal of nPB and Ensolv from the market . Without there being any need to rule on the existence of such a result , it should be noted , first of all , that , for the reasons set out above ( paragraphs 84 to 86 above ) , the applicants have not demonstrated that they would suffer serious and irreparable damage , even if they had completely ceased the sale of Ensolv in the territory of the Community . 89 Next , although the applicants claim that the classification of nPB as a category 2 reproductive toxicant may cause them a loss of market share , they have not demonstrated , from a legal point of view , that that loss is sufficiently realistic or the seriousness of that loss or that there are obstacles of a structural or legal nature preventing them from regaining a significant proportion of the market shares which they would have lost ( see paragraph 83 above ) . Applicants can therefore turn to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic , which will mediate on the basis of a given agreement to pay maintenance where the debtor lives in another country . Are you still up ? What 's going on ?
R484	I ca n't afford to fuck this place up . I guess it was n't such a good idea , was it ? I know it 's hard for you . You did n't take you to the Academy because you 're Duke Mitchell 's son . but it looks like you 're flying against a glimpse . It makes me nervous . Well , you 're the only family I 've got . I promise . Good - bye . Yeah , we ca n't talk all day , can we ? then maybe I 'll see you around . Hello , doggie . Psychiatric disorders N-0033 Oslo by 7 November 2008 . the planned award of petroleum production licences under the 20th round of petroleum licensing on the Norwegian Continental Shelf will take place during the spring of 2009 . Please , go on . I feel it when I 'm with you . Angelo Montenegro ... will you marry me ? Dear sir ... gentle heart ... No . Why ? You 're not gon na tell me . If I did , I would tell you . But when you ask me , I always have that ... feeling . It has to be ... but the African swallows do n't migrate . They would n't take a coconut anyway . No , they 'd have to have it on a cord . they would use the vines . Take out your dead ! nine pennies .
R485	We have one here . Nine pennies . I 'm not dead . Here 's your coin . He says he 's not dead . Soon he will be . He 's in bad shape . You 're gon na freeze like a board . Now , if you 'll excuse me , I do n't want to talk to you anymore . 15,000 kilometers left . 10,000 kilometers and closing . and then , as far as the agent , M. Kruger . But when they come for your house , which you built for your children and for your children 's children , it wo n't save you PR and pre - election promises , but me . Do you have any idea how many idiots come here with the same bullshit ? Some kids come in here every day . Hey , Max , if I were you , I 'd get the fuck out of here . This ... my friend ... could be your ticket up there . You just plug into his brain , download the data into yours , and bring them to me . I 'll have them install this , third - generation exo - skeleton . At that moment , a new president can be encrypted . ( 4 ) Regulation ( EC ) No 110/2008 repeals Council Regulation ( EEC ) No 1576/89[9 ] which is incorporated into the Agreement and is therefore to be repealed under the Agreement . through ORGASMUS INFO for BUSINESS
R486	Course TANTRIC SEXE HERE HERE HERE A psychiatrist was found dead this morning . on his body were found ... signs of violence consistent with the previous cases . Mamma , could you stop farting in the company ? According to the great guru Rhalah Rikota ... if you 're holding a fart , you 're losing your belly chakras ... so your sexual energy is shaping the pressure points on your ass ... that causes cellulite . It was n't me , it was n't me ! Come here , sweetie , your aunt will tell you a story . a - a - but you 're not my aunt . I 'm just trying to use my imagination ... to get in the mood , you know ? You 're not going to eat , son ? He looks like he 's seen a ghost . I 'm not gon na be home for lunch tonight . we should educate our son a little better . Subject : Evolution of the Lisbon Strategy indicators Answer from the Commission ( 9 February 2007 ) respiratory insufficiency ( including pneumonitis and pulmonary oedema ) decreased appetite , mild nausea and vomiting Abdominal discomfort , constipation , diarrhoea Pancreatitis Intrahepatic cholestasis , jaundice Qualitative A QUANTITATIVE COMPOSITION You 're dead . You 're dead if I leave town without Warfel . besides that , I could skip your town . I 'd take Warfel to Atlantic City .
R487	and it gives everyone what her future owner needs . Grouchy , I made you the hat he loved ... if you gave us a chance . Okay , maybe this year . Daddy , I did n't know . It 's time to go . Hey , Brainy ! we 'll vote publicly . so I , Crosby Braverman , Me , too . We voted publicly . You witnessed it . What ? Hey , Ruby , come here for a second , please . Be nice to him , all right ? What ? To Max , leave him alone . What are you talking about ? reserves are intended to cover liabilities whose nature is clearly defined and where they are either likely to occur at the balance sheet date , but are not certain to occur , but are not certain of their amount or the date on which they arise . the provisions must not be used to adjust the values of assets . For the purpose of presenting the income statement , Member States shall prescribe one or both layout patterns set out in Annexes V and VI . We 'll send him flowers ! Chico , cut the horses ! Drive ! A book ? rights ? A lawyer , huh ? the law of the West . Come on ! Come on ! he snapped the door open . " You want help with Pie ? "
R488	I know . " as they approached , Gentle realized that what he had thought was a camp of tightly grouped tents was in fact a uniform structure , a variety of pavilions with fluttering roofs , with smaller tents in the shape of a golden quadruple of wind and canvas . Inside his body , the gusts of wind kept everything in motion . and in the heights of the walls , the canvas swirled like the skirts of the dervishes , moaning constantly . at the top of those bends there were humans , some walking through the cobwebs of ropes as if it were a solid board , others sitting in front of the huge windows open in the roof with their faces turned to the walls of the First World , as if they had expected a call from that place . the atmosphere was as artificial and soothing as the movement of the dancing sails above . What are the charges ? We are under the authority of the Governor of Port Royale ... ... and you will tell us what we are charged with . From aiding and abetting a man convicted of crimes against the crown and the kingdom and sentenced to death for which , unfortunately , the same punishment . You may remember a certain pirate Jack Sparrow . Captain ! Captain Jack Sparrow . Yes , I thought you might remember it . Do you have what you went for ?
R489	and the Royal Navy chased us all over the Atlantic . And the hurricane ! All in all , it 's been a long time since we 've had an honest piracy . Maybe good old Jack ... ... is not the captain of your best interests ? No , something much better . Ben heard they were looking for Woodward 's research . That means they 're looking for someone , and what is that ? Have you seen Lucy ? Oh , no , but I 'm sure he 's around here somewhere . I ate them . Sorry , kid . Waff continued to stare at her , puzzled . in her words did not emit enlightenment . he said , " I do n't know what to think of your words . " " Humanity can become infinite , " she said . " That is the true gift of the Scattering . " Waff tried to hide the tumult the words had brought him . " Endless universes , endless time - anything can happen , " he said . " Well , you 're a smart little man , " she said . " But how can a man admit anything like that ? it 's not logical . " This Reverend Matre is oddly obsolete . " Our ancestors were looking for answers with computers , " he said . " You already know that computers do n't have infinite storage capacity , " she said .
R490	but it did n't matter anymore . Anyway , it was n't always the same . Did n't it matter now that from now on his whole life would be a fabrication ? he cut off one arm , then began chopping off his palm from his wrist and forearm from his arm . Marty stumbled to the door just in time to see Breer cut off Mamoulian 's other arm . " That 's the end of it ! " said the American boy , toasting Whitehead 's vodka to the bloodbath . Marty did n't say that look anymore . It was over . The European was dead . Article 2 Discussion of the report 1 . The Parliament shall discuss the report of the committee responsible for the discharge by 30 April of the year following the adoption of the annual report of the Court of Auditors in accordance with the Financial Regulation . Since 2007 , CEN has prepared a training programme on the incorporation of environmental standards into CEN standards . You won ? We left the smoke , the scrap , and the wounded ego of the weirdos . Yeah , plus 400 bucks win first . I thought I could help pay for the property tax . Should I run it down to the post office before school ? No , I 'll do it . It 's still Dad 's place . something in hospitals ? I forgot about it today , Debs .
R491	All right , here we go , guys ! Dinner is already there . Can we put it in here ? Thanks to you , man . I 'll give you a whole carton later . Here you go . I 'm not a jerk . I did n't send you away , Harv . You 're not young anymore , Harv . but you promised to help me . Stop by the infirmary , will you ? can also adopt subsequent amendments to separate treatment , as set out in the new Article -7a on the procedure for the notification of remedies , provided that the new Article -7a maintains the Commission 's prerogatives as guardian of the Treaty and provides for an effective mechanism to ensure the uniform application of remedial measures . Within the context of an overall compromise on Articles 7 and -7a , guaranteeing effective cooperation between the Commission , the [ body ] and national regulatory authorities , and ensuring that the Commission can , if necessary , intervene in favour of the uniform application of remedies in the interests of the internal market , the Commission may also accept the deletion of paragraph 8 of its original proposal , according to which the Commission has the power to request a national regulatory authority to impose a particular obligation . Checks include : compliance with specified ratios of raw materials and spices .
R492	I 've decided to spend them in a productive way . out of the bag , I removed a blue blue flight jumpsuit , soft leather boots , a worn black leather jacket , and a field cap with two stars as the only indication of my rank . Then I clipped to my belt - just in case - a leather case with my blaster , Wenning , 0.985 . I threw a smoking cup of sweet cvceese ' into the morning gloom - the star of Hador was just beginning to radiate Atalanta 's horizon through the thick strands of orange rays - and caught a gray freight tram going into the underground hangar . why would he call the cops ? ... and you would do it for him ? Do you have any idea if there 's a fair in town ? Mrs. Wale , what kind of relationship was your husband in K - Ram Investments ? where you found him ? This is the first I 've heard of it today . the real estate business . Landon was a good man . Why would anyone want to hurt him ? We 'll let you know . and we think Heather Rade 's here ? Lane 's assistant ? Upstairs . ' The Grey Man ? Some night demon , perhaps ? guardian of the peasants ? " " He 's coming , " she said . The hair on his neck stood up . interactions with other medicinal products
R493	Did anything strange happen here last night ? She was worried about Miranda . I wanted to comfort her . I 'll never forgive myself if anything happened to her . Is there anything you can do ? Yes . at midnight . Metal paint . WLB 530 . All this time , everything during these ten years was a big irresponsible question where is the crater that was created when this comet or asteroid fell from the sky ? in 1991 , there was a big breakthrough . We learned of a huge crater beneath the surface of the Yucatan peninsula , discovered by Mexican geologists . the public service obligations are amended as follows : The minimum frequency of flights and the minimum seat offer per week on the following routes : Athens - Karpathos Athens - Education Thessaloniki - Corfu Athens - Karpathos Three return flights a week and a total of 150 seats a week in each direction throughout the winter . 7 return flights a week and a total of 350 seats in each direction throughout the summer . Athens - Education Three return flights a week and a total of 90 seats a week in each direction throughout the winter . four return flights a week and a total of 120 seats a week in each direction throughout the summer . Thessaloniki - Corfu Three return flights a week and a total of 180 seats a week in each direction throughout the winter .
R494	four return flights a week and a total of 240 seats in each direction throughout the summer . Fig . b23 This marking is placed on container wagons suitable for transporting large containers or replaceable casings , denoting the height in mm of the loading plane of the wagon in the unladen state . In the context of Article 6 , the ECtHR applies three ' Engel criteria' , named in accordance with the judgment in which it first formulated them . Oh , the guy ? No , no , I dated him for a while because he said he had an incurable disease . I did n't realize it was stupid . Oh , I know what it 's like . He 's such a pathetic loser . one last thing - wheat yeast ! Oh ! It must be a diminutive for the thirst ! when you say that ... Amazing muffin samples for free ! Yeah ! Muffin glasses ! Take them while they 're hot ! We ran as soon as I found out about it ! But no ! What happened ? No ... It was n't a pastry ... In June 2008 , the Taliban leadership appointed him the shadow governor of the Zabul Province to strengthen his activities in this area . 16.000 CZK / monthly 1510HG - LS 3+kk 99 m2
R495	There may be complete or partial interruption of economic connections , connections by rail , sea , air , postal , telegraph , radio or others , and the interruption of diplomatic contacts . " 4 Under Article 48(2 ) of the Charter of the United Nations , decisions of the Security Council for the maintenance of international peace and security ' shall be carried out by the Members of the United Nations directly and through their action in the relevant international bodies of which they are members' . 5 Under Article 103 of the Charter of the United Nations , ' [ i]n the event of a clash between the obligations of the Members of the United Nations under this Charter and their obligations under any other international agreement , they shall prevail under the present Charter . In accordance with Article 11(1 ) EU : Good . And you ? Brian , what can I get you ? I take it back . I 'm afraid you 've told me what I 'm like in bed . I 'm even better now . to get my money . He had given them to them before he was apprehended . He thinks he 's a spy . we have to deny all information about this operation . He saved my life in Kabul . Find a way . Get him out of there , Charleston .
R496	You can specify which users and groups have access to a particular report or to another content in IBM CognosR software . You can also specify actions that may be performed on the contents . you 've got ketchup splatter all over you . How did they show up , if not from your open mouth ? Maybe I was walking under the ketchup tree . Article 34(3 ) of the Staff Regulations , which provides the appointing authority with the possibility of dismissing a probationary official for professional incapacity and the time - limits which it provides for , can not be interpreted as meaning that that authority must , in any event , take a decision before the end of the probationary period and that it may lawfully release a probationary official only before the expiry of that period . However , the fact that the appointing authority does not have an obligation to act in a fixed time - limit can not be separated from the obligation to give a decision within a reasonable time , since it is under an obligation to align each official 's situation with the Staff Regulations . As from that date , the probationary official shall be informed of the opening of the procedure for his release . ( see paras 41 , 44 , 45 ) answering of his hand under the terms of the following procedure : George Sabin Csums and Jaroslav Paška .
R497	Keith Taylor , Yannick Jadot , Reinhard Bütikofer and Raül Romeva i Rueda , on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group , on the EU - Japan trade relations ( B7 - 0289/2011 ) ; Helmut Scholz and Paul Murphy , on behalf of the GUE / NGL Group , on EU - Japan trade relations ( B7 - 0290/2011 ) . the debate was closed . Vote : minutes of 11.5.2011 , Item 5.18 . Okay . Ava ? Boyd , put it down . I just want to talk . a long time ago , I stopped trying to figure out why people are acting the way they do . you really want to talk ? maybe you should postpone it . You 're gon na break into my house , and you 're hurting my fiancé ? I 'm okay . He 's not lying . So nobody 's gon na miss him when they find his corpse in the mine . Wait ! Boyd , wait ! He knows the combination to the vault . My men are either dead or somewhere in the dust . Carmen , sit down , please . Ana has something she wants to tell you . No , thank you . Got ta go to work . I thought you were going to the airport with us . I want you to be there . Call me , okay ? I wish you a beautiful day . Come on , sweetie .
R498	Mom ? Come on , open the door . Come on , open the door . Mama , please come out and bless me . Annex XX to the EEA Agreement should therefore be amended accordingly , HAS ADOPTED THIS DECISION : Article 1 The following point is inserted after point 21 au ( Directive 2009/126/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council ) of Annex XX to the EEA Agreement : ' 21av . Hollis ! I told you to go out . Just tell me when . Do you want to do it ? Dude , who are you kidding ? three seconds . Two , one . It 's a hit . Nice . Man : Do n't kill them . I got them . John : He 's got another guy coming . Come on , I wanted to spell the fun . It 's like all you ever think about is sex . Okay , so Magnolia and I will help Shelby plan your party . Of course , because he barely knows you . She 's either smart enough to understand human nature , or I 'm completely superficial , but either way , I do n't mind . Daddy , are you sure you two want to go public ? If you 're waiting for the bus , the last one left about 1974 . Well , look at you .
R499	Actually , Jonah , in the face of that horrible tragedy Lemon acted like a grown - up , selfless woman she had become . Well , I 'm trying . If that name says anything to you , it 's because you erased it and stole my place . I beg your pardon ? apology accepted . Brick ? Look , I do n't know what you 're talking about , but there 's plenty of room left in the class beautification Committee . Nice try , Brick . I did n't erase your name , mate . Yeah , he did , and you still had the nerve and did n't erase the whole thing . Sorry , mate . Mrs. Tibbits ? He cheated . This is C.M.L. , the central brain of humanity . Calling Center North , Earth Defense Council . Speak . word of the Earth Defense Council . We have lunch break , I 'm sorry . there 's 10 below zero , but you can think a little bit . We 've come up with something , except for the evacuation . that would return humanity two centuries back to the era of overcrowding . we 're losing 30 % of the fertile soil to the southern hemisphere . Children ! Excuse me ... Stop it right now ! Eva , be reasonable !
R500	" It 's not good to face a troll directly , if you can avoid it . " Patrol ! It 's not your dad 's rifle , Cowboy ! Four inches from the chest , Pyle ! Four inches ! " That 's my rifle ! This is my weapon ! I have a hand on it ! " You 're bouncing ! Fuck , 10 seconds ! This obstacle should not take you more than ten seconds ! Fast , forward ! This is no longer a skirmish at the slopes , raiding raids from Ithilien and from Anórien , ambush from ambush and looting . This is a big and long - planned war , and we 're only one figurine in it , whatever the pride says . Now all the realms will be built before the exam , and either they will stand , or they will fall - to Shadow . Yet , Master Peregrin , we have the honor : we always bear the brunt of the Dark Lord 's hatred , for the hatred comes from the depths of time and the depths of the Sea . The hammer will be the hardest . and that 's why Mithrandir came here in such a hurry . They have three functional turbolaser batteries , she said . " That means we 're in the right place . It 's always good to know . Chin ? "
R501	The bankrupt who is eligible for protection now has the possibility of engaging in a fresh commercial business and is deemed to be rehabilitated ( section 110 of the Bankruptcy Act ) . the bankrupt , who is not declared eligible for protection , may apply for rehabilitation if he has paid all the sums he has been ordered to pay ( section 109(1 ) of the Bankruptcy Act ) the registrar notifies the bankrupt of the judgment terminating the bankruptcy proceedings . The court can also order that an extract from the judgment terminating the bankruptcy proceedings be published in the Belgian Official Gazette . the judgment must be published if the court declares the bankrupt eligible for protection ( section 80 of the Bankruptcy Act ) . The termination of the bankruptcy implies the end of the liquidators' functions , except for the activities required to bring the termination into effect and constitutes a general release for them . I ask , is this only a fantasy ? or is it even reality ? it 's pure fantasy , of course . More tea ? I have a patient-- her name is Gizella Klein . I 'd like you to examine her tomorrow . Maybe your methods will be effective in her case . In any case , you are a man of new ideas . psychoanalysis , superego , penis envy . yet you accepted this place . Why ? According to our tests , she 's still a virgin .
R502	in 1980 , the municipality of Babylon was merged with the city of Domazlice . After the 1990 elections , the Municipality of Babylon became a separate , which now accounts for 280 permanent residents . program actions chronicle is guided by the beginning of the municipality 's autonomy . since 1991 , the chronicles have been regularly driven and written . Actions for children ( 8 ) Article I-17 and Article III-281 ( section 4 ) . Are you still going to sleep with our client ? What does this have to do with the trial ? Everything . immensely attractive . I did n't say " immensely , " but only " attractive . " immensely . A fantastic body . I choose the adjectives . has a condescending body . Big eyes . Magic . Big eyes . Unforgettable . ARIOUA , Kamel ( a.k.a . Lamine Kamel ) , born 18.8.1969 in Costantine ( Algeria ) - member of ' al - Takfir' and ' al - Hijra' ASLI , Mohamed ( a.k.a . Dahmane Mohamed ) , born 13.5.1975 in Ain Taya ( Algeria ) - member of ' al - Takfir' and ' al - Hijra' ASLI , Rabah , born 13.5.1975 in Ain Taya ( Algeria ) - member of ' al - Takfir' and ' al - Hijra'
R503	* ARZALLUSTAPIA , Eusebio , born 8.11.1957 in Regil , Guipyscoa ( Spain ) , identity card No 15.927.207 - " ETA activist " ATWA , Ali ( a.k.a . BOUSLIM , Ammar Mansour ; SALIM , Hassan Rostom ) , Lebanon , in 1960 in Lebanon ; a national of Lebanon BOUGHABA , Mohamed Fahmi ( a.k.a . Mohammed Fahmi BOURABA ; Mohammed Fahmi BUCOUNCIL ; BOUYERI , Mohammed ( a.k.a . Abu ZUBAIR , a.k.a . SOBIAR , a.k.a . Abu ZOUBAIR ) , born 8.3.1978 in Amsterdam ( The Netherlands ) - member of the ' Hofstadgroep' labelling and new indicators of excellence 6.1 Extending the EU Ecolabel ( ' European flowers ' ) to food 6.1.1 The European label is a symbol of environmental quality . Okay . Bo . What 's going on ? some people seem to be having a hard time rejecting rejection . I knew I was going to be tough . It 's like I could get rid of you so easily . I 'm not like Jenny , am I ? I 'm not too intrusive or anything ? I 'll blush . The Agency may also issue such certificates on behalf of any Member State on the basis of an agreement concluded by one of the Member States with the third country in question . ( b )
R504	This Regulation and the rules adopted for its implementation shall not prevent Member States from reacting immediately to safety concerns involving a product , person or organisation covered by this Regulation . Article 16(1)(a ) : but I think you should suck your ears with your fingers . " William , keeping his eyes on the approaching pack , plucked a few pipes out of the mouse - dud and put them in the bag he carried over his shoulder . the dogs were quite close . Tiffany could see her razor teeth and burning eyes . Then William slowly removed some of the much shorter whistles that had a silvery look , and screwed them to the place of the original . He had the look of someone who does n't want to rush anything . otherwise , it would n't be nearly as spooky . William gripped the things under his arm and blew into one of the pipes until the bag swelled . " I play , " he announced , as the dogs got so close that Tiffany could see saliva dripping out of their mouths , " well known and popular , under water . " The Nac Mac Feegles as a pictsie dropped their swords and clutched their ears with their hands . then a few things happened more or less at a time . Tiffany 's teeth began to tingle . his lower brain functions are probably fine . that does n't make sense .
R505	as far as the figure was concerned , it was very physical force - and indeed he often demonstrated that there were few men in England who were capable of providing long - term performances that he was able to do . Finally . My turn . in my arms , or Edward 's , or Esmeina 's . Happy birthday . I stopped getting old three days ago . We 're still celebrating . so you keep it . that has n't changed . Welcome home ! we thought you might want to have your own place . What do you think ? Go inside . Closet . Alice bought it for you . I 'd go on with the theme , a bit like the confrontation of the East and the West . Then I could have a sausage with noodles , sweet sour pork and chips . that 's perfect . The perfect idea . Great . that 's not a bad name for a PR agency . Hello , can you put me through to New London Media ? Clearly , I 'm the head of accounting , and I 'm supposed to meet the head of the PR agency and his colleague , who will provide me with the publication of financial services in the international market . When we come in , introduce us , and we 'll take care of the rest ourselves . Over there ! Nice . Okay , will you do 15 minutes ?
R506	No , no . I plead with Lilith . Please ... Fight her ! You have to fight her ! I do n't have to fight her . No ! Father ! praise Lilith . Imagine the moment when it 's not just a nighttime , but a day as well . input report format ( no later than 3 hours before input ) " So . This is where it all happens . " Casey nodded . " In this room , Norton experts gather and dismantle air accidents . " " Yes . " " And you 're a member of the investigation team . " " Yes . " " You 're Norton Aircraft 's vice president and you 're in charge of quality control . " " You 've been in the company for five years . " " And this is what they call the Battle Room , is it ? " " Some people call it , yes . " " Why ? " she was silent for a moment . I heard Vicki Nelson put his nose in it . we ca n't allow her anywhere near any of this . It 's a wild card . We 'd be lucky if we had her on it . the family photo . right . You believe I 'm a vampire , but you do n't believe I had a father ? and it turned out to be one of the most famous people in history .
R507	Yes . Is the possibility of obtaining compensation limited to the nationals of a certain State or persons residing in a certain country ? Compensation can be obtained by Hungarian nationals , nationals of any EU Member State , displaced persons legally staying in the territory of the Republic of Hungary , victims of human trafficking , persons entitled to receive compensation under an international agreement or reciprocity between the State of nationality of the person concerned and Hungary , and persons domiciled or having their habitual and legal place of residence in any EU Member State . Compensation can also be paid to victims who have a residence permit for Hungary or an immigration permit in Hungary . Yes . In such cases , compensation for damages is payable if the applicant satisfies the requirements set out in Act CXXXV of 2005 on crime victim support and state compensation . Yes . If no criminal proceedings are in progress , an application for compensation can not be approved . No . Stay up short . I do n't like blue so much . Nice suit . My dear friend . Really ? Now get out of here , Evan Rachel Wooden . I 'm just going on . What the hell is that ? It 's okay , Ash . No , not Cappie , Frannie . Okay , if you all can sit down , please . Let 's start . Gamma Psi President Natalie Martin , and is a colleague of hers ,
R508	I got it , Nat . I told you they 'd be here . Okay . What are you hiding from me ? How did you know they were gon na be here ? Dad , I 'm not hiding anything . is good . Checking the time . Our senator is a busy man . Good , is n't it ? You have to go down to Room 2206 . Hello ? Is that what accent is ? I do n't know , Scott mixed with Salma Hayek . we 're gon na have to work on that . Room is clear . Detailed information on this medicine is available on the European Medicines Agency web site : http://www.ema.europa.eu . First Officer Santiago peeled his ear from the secret knot in the wall of the great cabin , his head still in his head , Dell'Aqua 's final statement : last but not least , cities have a disproportionately high share of social problems and poverty . This report provides important evidence as strategies for future cohesion policy programmes for the period 2014 - 2020 are currently being prepared . In essence , it determines the initial situation to be addressed in the context of the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy , and how many individual countries are still lacking to meet their national targets . , how will investment programmes contribute to the change in these indicators ?
R509	Cohesion policy programmes provide the possibility to design strategies in an integrated way , focusing on the specific needs of each area , and taking into account trade - offs and synergies between different types of investment . ( b ) arrange for the maintenance of any aircraft or component for which it is authorised with another organisation that operates under the quality system of that organisation . ( c ) to carry out any maintenance of any aircraft or component for which it is authorised , if such need arises , either on the grounds of inability of the aircraft , or from the need to ensure occasional line maintenance , subject to conditions specified in an organisation exposition ; ( d ) carry out maintenance of any aircraft or component authorised for which it is authorised , in a location identified as an aircraft line maintenance site , which is capable of carrying out maintenance , and only if the organisation 's interpretation permits such maintenance and includes a list of such locations ; ( e ) issue certificates of release to service on completion of maintenance in accordance with point 145.A.50.145.A.80 Organisation restrictions The organisation shall only maintain the aircraft or component for which it is authorised only if all necessary facilities , equipment , tools , material , maintenance data and certifying staff are available .
R510	I do n't know what to think . Happy has me now ! What was that ? that 's called unfair boxing , that 's not news . I promise I wo n't ask you to rewrite the company at myself . Initial every section of lesson one : never take your eyes off the ... What 's your name ? Come into my temple . if the court pleases , which will please you . Technical documentation The manufacturer shall establish the technical documentation as described in Article 18 . The technical documentation shall specify the applicable requirements and cover , as far as relevant for the assessment , the design , manufacture and operation of the measuring instrument . Where reference is made to this paragraph , Articles 5 and 7 of Decision 1999/468/EC shall apply , having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof . The period laid down in Article 5(6 ) of Decision 1999/468/EC shall be set at three months . interested parties may submit their comments on the measure in respect of which the Commission is initiating the procedure within one month of the date of publication of this summary and the following letter , to : European Commission Directorate - General for Competition State aid Greffe 1049 Bruxelles / Brussel BELGIQUE / BELGIË Fax + 32 22961242 These comments will be communicated to the Irish authorities . The first knight laid the dead body in the grass and rose in the deafening roar of the rebels .
R511	" Welcome back , " Karschen said . They are called Bonia + + because it is based on the Bonnie program . This program tests performance by creating large numbers of files . Currently it contains a zkov test program to read raw data . The modern disks contain multiple sectors in the outer sectors ( because they are longer ) . The disc also contains several ( more than 8 ) zones and each has the same number of sectors ( due to the need for a single number of sectors per track ) . to define performance levels of different zones and save them in an appropriate gnuplot format . It 's cloudy outside . No . You ca n't shoot me . you and me . Black Irish . You 're more like a black licorice . You 're soft and sweet . We may be bros , but I 'm not like you at all . Come on , son . Can I go now , please ? I 'm so sorry . Aw . I had no choice . Of course you did n't . I 'm glad you 're here . a movement certificate EUR - MED issued retrospectively under paragraph 2 shall contain the following phrase in English : ' ISSUED RETROSPECTIVELY ( Original EUR.1 No ... ( date and place of issue ) ) . he closed our theatre . How can someone be so selfish ? He just did n't like what he saw .
R512	Recticel s.a.s . for the territory of the former German Democratic Republic , the time limits referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall be replaced by the following : Monday -- you saw my diary . Jim , Jim -- I ca n't . You saw my diary . I ca n't . Three business days . - Three working days . Wednesday , Thursday , Friday . Well , just three working days -- if we wait until Monday , my deadline expires . You did n't count Saturday . I 'm saying you have n't included Saturday in three days . This is not a working day . Wednesday , Thursday , Friday -- so it would have expired . that would have expired ? Shipowners shall be obliged to pay any supplement to the competent authorities of Seychelles by 30 June of the same year at the latest into a bank account provided by the authorities of Seychelles in accordance with Article 2(6 ) of the Protocol . L_2003209EN.01002101.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 209/21 COMMISSION IMPLEMENTING DECISION of 1 August 2013 amending Decision 2011/163/EU on the approval of plans submitted by third countries in accordance with Article 29 of Council Directive 96/23/EC ( notified under document C(2013 ) 4880 ) ( Text with EEA relevance ) ( Text with EEA relevance ) Article 3 This Decision is addressed to the Presidency of the Council . Paediatric population
R513	reporting suspected adverse reactions Reporting of suspected adverse reactions after authorisation of the medicinal product is important . Healthcare professionals are asked to report any suspected adverse reactions via the national reporting system listed in Appendix V. 4.9 Overdose a specific insulin overdose can not be defined , however , hypoglycaemia may develop at subsequent stages if too high a dose relative to the patient 's requirement is administered : Mild hypoglycaemic episodes can be treated by oral administration of glucose or sugary products . It is therefore recommended that the diabetic patient always carries sugar - containing products . severe hypoglycaemic episodes , where the patient has become unconscious , can be treated with glucagon ( 0.5 to 1 mg ) given intramuscularly or subcutaneously by a trained person , or with glucose given intravenously by a healthcare professional . Glucose must be given intravenously , if the patient does not respond to glucagon within 10 to 15 minutes . normative acts passed by government bodies can be issued only by virtue of an authorisation enshrined in an Act with a view to its implementation . The Constitution sometimes requires the adoption of an equivalent Act , outlining the solutions provided for under the Constitution . The legislative process is governed by the Constitution ( Articles 118 - 124 ) and the Rules of Procedure of Parliament ( the Sejm ) and the Senate . In this process the Sejm examines the bill and transmits it to the appropriate parliamentary committees for amendment .
R514	If a bill is amended or thrown out by the Senate , it must be re - examined by the Sejm . In this case the Sejm needs an absolute majority , subject to at least half of the statutory number of Members being present , in order to override a recommendation by the Senate . If Parliament completes the legislative process , the bill is transmitted to the President , who should sign it within three weeks and order its publication in the Journal of Laws . The President also has the option of not referring a bill to the Constitutional Court but returning it to the Sejm for a further reading ( " presidential veto " ) . for security reasons , further attempts will be blocked . you can however # ~#ResetPwdByEmailURL_LS#~#restore the password via e - mail You have made too many unsuccessful attempts to restore your password using a secret question and answer . e - mail address has been verified this Passport has been canceled This e - mail address is no longer registered by Microsoft ® Passport . Someone may have entered your e - mail address by accidentally registering your Passport account . problems with authentication of an e - mail address there was an error connecting to the Passport e - mail address verification system . you have the following options : Passport has verified the information you entered . The strategy will deal with all information society service providers , including cloud computing service providers .
R515	The Digital Agenda for Digital Competitiveness Actions The consultations and studies launched by the Commission show that data protection is a key element of issues that could become an obstacle to the adoption of cloud computing . In particular , with regard to 27 partially divergent national legal frameworks , it is very difficult to provide cost - effective solutions at the level of the Digital Single Market . In addition , it was requested that , given the global scale of cloud computing , it would be possible to establish how the international transfer of data would be adjusted . These concerns were addressed in another Digital Agenda measure by the Commission 's proposal of 25 January 2012 to create a strong and uniform legal framework providing legal certainty for data protection . The proposed regulation deals with cloud computing issues . more transparency of data processing will also help to increase consumer confidence . The proposal facilitates the transfer of personal data to countries outside the EU and the EEA and ensures the permanent protection of the persons concerned . A new legal framework will provide the necessary conditions for the adoption of codes of conduct and cloud computing standards where stakeholders consider the introduction of certification systems to verify that the provider has put in place appropriate safety standards for information technology and safeguards for data transmission .
R516	Whereas personal data protection concerns have been identified as one of the most serious obstacles to the roll - out of cloud computing , it is all the more important that the Council and Parliament achieve swiftly the adoption of the proposed regulation , as soon as possible as soon as possible in 2013 . In the meantime , since cloud computing is involved in a number of providers and other actors , such as infrastructure providers or operators , guidelines need to be developed on how to apply the current EU Directive on the protection of personal data , in particular to identify and distinguish data protection rights and the obligations of controllers and data processors for cloud computing service providers or entities in the cloud computing value chain . In addition , due to the particular nature of cloud computing , questions concerning the applicable law have been raised where it is difficult to determine the place of establishment of the cloud provider , e.g. if a non - EU Member State uses the services of a provider operating outside the EU that operates equipment in the EU . For whoever wins immunity , we have an even greater solace in the form of a home video . You have the possibility to connect to those who love you at home . Maybe they 'll give you what you need to do it for 11 days .
R517	Yeah , it 's me , Bender . Do n't you recognize your best friend ? I see ! Whoever this body is , has a friend ! Bender , old buddy , it 's me , your Fry ! Then Nicolas Cage found out the real treasure was his family . No , you admit it ! You 'd be ashamed to be in public with someone as ugly as me ! Do you think I should eat more butter ? Come on , let 's swap bodies . I understand the problems with age , but how about I get you a new body ? The sky was a heaven of paradise , and I asked if I could , too . Then the school guy said no dirty Jew would play with them . and then all the other things were yelling . " Dad has a long , curly beard , " and then they turned and ran . Do not take REZOLSTA : - if you have severe liver problems . if you are not sure , ask your doctor about the severity of your liver disease . It may be necessary to run further tests . and then , while Djinana did the courtesy , Bren assembled another letter , this time for Tabini . I do n't feel so good , aiji - ma . I know that there must be duties in the City that require me , and a few matters of urgency .
R518	I 'd send you to the front if I did n't think you 'd give up just to make Montgomery 's whore ! The general will see you now . from Africa . I 'd give you your hand , but I could lose it . I 'd say you lost more important things this morning . It 's about time they sent someone with courage . Sit down , please , Colonel . You too , Olbricht , if you must . in the field ? in Berlin . I 've made up my mind . a lot of those who live deserve to die . and a lot of people die and merit life . Behold , the great empire and the dwarven city of Dwarf . Gimli ! No ... " Here lies Balin , son of Fundin , Lord of Moria . " Who only looks at her , falls to her charm . The heart of all elves on the ground . No action in Gandalf 's life was in vain . We do n't know his whole purpose yet . Do not let the emptiness of Khazad - dum enter your heart , Gimli , son of Glóin . because the world is filled with danger , and for all countries love is now mingled with grief . Bulgaria shall ensure that skins to be dispatched to other Member States are accompanied by an official certificate which bears the following words :
R519	' Skins conforming to Commission Decision 2011/8/EU of 6 January 2011 concerning certain protection measures against foot - and - mouth disease in Bulgaria ( 35 ) . Comments from GERMANY Germany indicated that the notified training aid fulfils all the compatibility criteria laid down in Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 68/2001 of 12 January 2001 on the application of Articles 87 and 88 of the EC Treaty to training aid ( 8 ) . First , Germany provided sufficient information that the workplace training was not productive hours . This new approach is not supported by any legal basis and is contrary to the relevant EC law and , where appropriate , to the Commission 's decision - making practice . Germany has indicated that in recital 11 of Regulation ( EC ) No 68/2001 there are three criteria for assessing whether the aid is limited to the minimum necessary : the type of training provided , the size of the enterprise and its geographical location . Under the Community framework for training aid ( 9 ) , the incentive effect is not only envisaged in the case of specific training aid for large enterprises outside the areas eligible for aid under Article 87(3)(a ) or ( c ) . As the notified training project contains more than 80 % of the general training and concerns an undertaking in an area eligible for aid under Article 87(3)(a ) of the EC Treaty , the training aid has an incentive effect .
R520	Germany expressly points out that the Commission should also take into account the fact that DHL 's training project fulfils the conditions laid down in the Webasto decision ( 11 ) . Fourthly , the application of different assessment criteria is contrary to the principles of legal certainty and equal treatment . costs other than those referred to in paragraph 6(a ) and ( b ) relating to leasing contracts such as lessor 's margin , interest refinancing costs , overheads and insurance charges shall not be considered as eligible costs . For the sake of completeness , it should be noted that the national legislation in question does not provide for a procedure comparable to that of a prior control procedure such as that referred to in recital 24 in the preamble to Directive 93/13 , since the application of a specific condition is not , for example , subject to the authorisation of a judicial or administrative authority . On the contrary , the decision to initiate an in abstracto review procedure lies solely with the persons entitled or organisations referred to in Article 7(2 ) 93/13 . | | Article 24 I ca n't even think about the baby . Was it your idea to name her Felicity ? It means " happiness . " I know what that means . but that 's not why it 's a good name . I do n't know who else to turn to , Auggie . I fell for you then , sweetheart .
R521	Why should I trust you now ? Why would I lie to you ? Do you think it was easy for me to come here like this ? Why would I do that if I did n't have to ? You said that when I stole that necklace for you . The European Commission - European Judicial Network - General Information - Estonia THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 27 - 08 - 2007 General Information - Estonia May be in a dispute with a company or any other entrepreneur , your employer , a member of your family or any other person , in your country or abroad , and this dispute will be related to Estonia . To help you solve this problem you will need relevant information such as how to obtain access to justice in Estonia . many of the information requested can be obtained in these pages of the European Judicial Network . Estonian National anthem Mu isamaa , mu õnn ja rõõm !
R522	The said technical personnel may originate from mutually agreed agencies or contractors approved in the United States of America or in the European Union . unless otherwise stated in the Annex or the Appendix , the following general provisions apply to the lending of equipment : when Babylon 5 leaves Babylon 5 , what happened to the other Babylons . The European e - Justice Action Plan [ 29 ] deals with the development of the European e - Justice portal as a single point of access to legal information , legal and administrative institutions , registers , databases and other services and the interconnection of central , commercial and companies registers is an important element . You know , Maslow 's hierarchy of needs tells us that for Travis to get to his creativity , he must first feel that he belongs somewhere , and if his family does n't give it to him , it would make him look for another family . Who are the Massapequa players ? It 's an acting company from Long Island that does n't go on Bradway . Okay , let 's see if his friends do n't know what he did for Dixon , and Jules , make sure the investigators check the fingerprints here . Maybe we 'll get lucky and find out who 's doing Dixon 's dirty work . An international villain like him seems to have hired someone from the local underworld .
R523	No , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no . Of course , Jules , we need someone good from the gang , okay ? I 'll see if they know any of the local criminals whose modus operandi includes the garbage . I 'm on it . The fat guy in the apartment said he did n't know where Muncey was . I did n't believe him at first , but ... Look , it was hard to get Muncey in jail . Just fucking find him ! What the hell happened here ? Subject : Natura 2000 Answer from the Commission ( 1 September 2004 ) Of course it was . Will it ? It already is . Look , son ... Harris . Harris , there 's a different pace here . You 'll get used to it . it 's just ... the first day of work , and discussing with my father what I can hardly know , Overwhelmingly overwhelming ? Yeah . Make sure it 's not stuck . You want me to fix it ? EIP operational groups shall establish internal procedures ensuring transparency of their activities and decision - making and avoidance of conflicts of interest . No . You said I could stay here . I do n't want you to be afraid of that .
R524	Kevin , come on , get in the car . ... if it were up to me , you 'd stay . Ask if I can stay here . what did Kevin do ? You 're a nice guy , buddy . You have a big heart . You 're very kind . Dean , you would have let her go ! That 's ludicrous ! Not quite . Actually , she ... she was really mine . She was just a crazy killer killer at the same time . but what the hell ... You know what ? Bobby was right . It 's not in your head . When Cass died , you were wobbly , but now ... Oh , so you 're dealing with it in a perfect way ? New news , man ... you 're just as fucked up as I am ! You 're just ... bigger . More Urban Development The aim of urban development policy is to promote sustainable investment , growth and employment in European urban areas . The new regulations in the area of cohesion policy provide the tools that make it possible to increase the representation of the urban topics in the next generation of programmes . In practical terms , this means creating the conditions for long - term economic development whilst ensuring due respect for the environment .
R525	Your plane can land there . I 'm just gon na need something from you . What ? They have direct orders to fly directly to Andrews , and under no circumstances change direction . You think we 're stupid enough to buy it for you ? You 're just a face on the phone , on the phone I found when ours so conveniently disappeared . That 's my phone . I was supposed to be on that flight . We 've all had seats on that plane . I put the phone there for them , then they called me off . I thought it was another 3 - 0 . None of this was any indication of any government official - the man was a hired assassin , a marching war arsenal . Break his fingers . of course , if she does n't mind . No , it would be my pleasure . Thank you . Frédéric Taskon , 6 . Cecile Tramelle , 18 . What did she bribe you ? She 's probably still in the library . Look , Em , if you were with Maya last night , you can tell Arie and Spencer . I 'm just saying , you do n't have to keep it so secret . not that I 'd go crazy . Okay , can we not talk about this ? Look , I 'm just saying you can trust them .
R526	Emily , I think we found something that belongs to you . Would you come with me , please ? Is that your bag on your desk ? Where did you find her ? I should n't remind you that leaving a bag unattended in a public place is n't very clever . What 's going on ? All together , we can share the news . Come on . Come on , Peter ! Should I continue with the transfusion ? Open the door ! The dead come ! The dead are alive out there ! are everywhere ! What about my wife ? Thank you . |files , The Transition Facility The 10 countries receiving pre - accession financial assistance under the Phare programme ( or the special pre - accession instruments in the case of Cyprus and Malta ) used for the first time in 2004 a specific Transition Facility for Institution Building aimed at enabling the new Member States to strengthen and strengthen their institutional and administrative capacity to implement the Community acquis and continue the institution building measures initiated under Phare . This report describes the final year of the Transition Facility programme for the new Member States . The Transition Facility was established on the basis of Article 34 of the Act of Accession as a temporary post - accession financial instrument . The programme is based on the needs defined in the Commission 's comprehensive monitoring report ( November 2003 ) .
R527	With regard to continuity with institution - building support financed under Phare , part of each annual envelope from the Transition Facility has been allocated to certain multi - beneficiary programmes . The total amount of commitments amounting to EUR 67,2 million consists of the following appropriations : Eastern Greenland ( COD/645E44 ) between 64 ° N and 65 ° N east of 44 ° W What kind of maintenance is likely to be granted by the court ? If a contribution is granted , what criterion ? Can the court 's decision be revised to take account of the changes in the costs of living or family circumstances ? Maintenance is usually granted in monthly instalments or in a lump sum depending on the imminent needs of the person claiming it . The amount of maintenance is calculated according to the means of the person requesting it ( the value of any movable or immovable property and any beneficial interest under a trust is considered ) and the means of the person supplying it . In considering if the person claiming it can actually provide for his / her own maintenance , his / her ability to exercise any profession , art or trade is taken into consideration .
R528	Maintenance is paid to the person who is specified in the court decree . in the case of a child , it is paid to the parent / s who are exercising parental authority or a tutor and/or curator ( if any ) . Criminal proceedings may be instituted against the debtor by the police , once they receive a report from the person who was meant to receive the maintenance . Once the judgment has become final , the claimant may file a garnishee order ( by order of the court the assets of the debtor are frozen up to the amount of the judgement ) or a warrant of seizure ( by order of the court the assets of the debtor are seized by the court marshal and sold by judicial sale up to the amount specified in the judgement ) to recover the total amount of maintenance from the debtor . Bloke 32 mg tablet Atacand 8 mg Atacand 16 mg Atacand 8 mg Atacand 16 mg Atacand 32 mg 16 mg 32 mg 8 mg Why do n't I buy you a beer and fix everything ? No . I did n't sell you any coke . That shirt cost $ 200 ! Really ? You 're missing a few buttons . Come on . I paid one of your bikers . What are they tearing down ? The Greek diner . I used to eat breakfast here all the time . The Greeks were good people .
R529	Careful . It 's hot . Thank you , Mrs. Shepard . I see your son is on duty , too . Jack died before . ( 1 ) should not replace existing mechanisms or institutions , but build on existing Internet governance structures , with particular emphasis on complementarity between all parties involved in this process : governments , the private sector , civil society and international organisations ; The following parties , which are addressed by this Decision , participated in a single and continuous infringement of Article 81 of the EC Treaty and Article 53 of the Agreement on the European Economic Area , which included the territory of the EEA and whose main characteristics were that undertakings agreed on price increases in the EEA and the timing of announcements on price increases , minimum prices and other trade conditions for the four flat glass product categories mentioned . In your case , your cubs scream , " virgin . " What else did you tell them ? the Faculty of Business Economics ; Department of Marketing and Trade . list that has an identical keyword . Tournament RUO AKO SIGNIFICANT INSTRUMENT ECONOMY STABILITY STABILITY ( Lucia Kollár ) complementary answer from the Commission ( 17 October 2008 ) A cargo plane headed for Los Angeles ... sources say it only exploded 90 seconds after takeoff here in Washington . What ? A plane crash . reports from eyewitnesses indicate the possibility that this would be the result of a ... Hi .
R530	I ca n't call my daughter if nothing 's wrong ? How do you feel ? You know me . the advertising of health . Yeah , this 12-year - old says she 's an oncologist , and she wants to do another series of tests . You 're in the hospital ? in short . My back . Damn ValuJet . I wanted to save 50 bucks . How was Boca ? My uncle was afraid I 'd kill him . Wait till we 're out of here . he thought he was going to be the boss . Now he has to listen to someone who 's been a sidekick . when Tony ensures his safety . " Thank you , thank you , " Shaun repeated . before they began to celebrate , Nansen asked a question he was avoiding . " About two hundred , " Shaun replied . " What , so little ? Have you lost , oh , many people in unhappiness ? " Shaun 's past , his culture , his chromosomes , and his spirit had been awakened in Shaun - so he responded perfectly , " The impact has hurt most of us , but few have been hurt seriously . it was more difficult with life - support systems .
R531	Maybe I should fix them something . to bake meat and a baguette and bring it to them . What ? baguettes and meat . Why ? Why ? I do n't think they need our food . was one of the richest people in town . I think they 're gon na be fine with us . you could show them some compassion . Look , I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry he 's dead . Actually , I do n't think that 's true . How 's that ? three conditions are necessary to the right not to testify . the communication in question must take place after the marriage . everything before him is irrelevant . the presence of a third party is revoking that right . Third , this communication must not result in a crime . It 's too complicated for me . they can make me , ca n't they ? I suppose so . if it was organized crime , the FBI would stop at nothing . Hi . They picked me and my dance partner for a hip - hop show . When I was in Afghanistan , we tried to start a group . We called ourselves Jala - bad . Uncle Mitch can drive me ? ~ I do n't mind . ~ So let 's do it . Go ... This is my dad . My lovebirds ! Time to celebrate ! she seems to have forgotten all about the library
R532	is now going as fast as it can and it 's gon na be fun , fun , fun , as long as her daddy does n't take his T - Bird because she 's going , she looks and drives like an ace a lot of guys are trying to catch I will not hand over my tapes to the Democrats and the young Kennedy . they 'll go as far as the supreme court . I named three of the bastards myself . They do n't get my tapes . who does Cox think he is ? My father died poor . Other SPECIAL WARNINGS , IF NECESSARY There 's one in the groin , and that 's my favorite . You can be a vampire , but if you talk to me , you 'll talk to me like a lady . I get it , people are healthier . It improves their sex life . who are you ? I thought you might be Antoine or Basil or ... Or , heh ... or , like , Langford , maybe . Oh , wow . We have to close the roads and wait for Cowley 's group . I 'm not gon na risk him running away again . You and Hurt take the northeast where the road curves . and the front . Campbell and Baum are coming with me . Come on , let 's have a party ... We 're working tomorrow .
R533	You wo n't find the dark water without me . So what ? They go forward . The dog jumps to the side , scrambles past Roger toward the entrance , and Roger , with the sponge in his hand , hits the pram that falls under his weight . The number of service providers may be limited on the basis of limited port capacity . When Member States adopt those provisions , they shall contain a reference to this Directive or be accompanied by such a reference on the occasion of their official publication . The competent body shall carry out an unannounced sample on the basis of a sample to detect the physical presence of products in the warehouse . The sample must be representative and must represent at least 10 % of the total quantity under contract covered by a private storage aid measure . In addition to the accounting documents referred to in Article 6(3 ) , a physical check of the weight and nature of the products and their identification shall be carried out . In exceptional cases , the Governing Council may decide on a temporary derogation from the prohibition laid down in paragraph 1 for a maximum period of three years . The request for a derogation shall be accompanied by a funding plan in which the counterparty requesting the exemption mentions how to terminate the use of the uncovered state - guaranteed uncovered bank bonds no later than three years after the granting of the exemption .
R534	31 In the present case , it is not disputed that the applicant participated in the Madrid meeting on 16 December 1993 , during which [ ... ] some producers of stainless steel flat products agreed to use the same reference values for the calculation of the alloy surcharge and , therefore , to determine the part of the final price of those products , in breach of Article 65(1 ) of the ECSC Treaty . 32 However , it must be examined whether the applicant has demonstrated satisfactorily that it has distanced itself from that agreement and that it can not therefore be accused of an infringement of Article 65(1 ) of the ECSC Treaty . 33 As regards ... the Spanish market , it is common ground that at that meeting [ in Madrid ] Acerinox expressed its intention not to apply the alloy surcharge in Spain having regard to the economic situation in the latter country . 34 In that regard , recital 27 in the preamble to the Decision states that , at the meeting , ' Acerinox stated that it did not plan to apply the alloy surcharge in Spain , since it considered that such a measure would not contribute to an increase in demand and would not have a positive effect on the Spanish industry in a profound crisis .
R535	35 Consequently , since it is not disputed that , at the time of the Madrid meeting , the applicant distanced itself from the alloy surcharge agreement as regards the Spanish market , the mere fact that it participated in that meeting is not sufficient for it to be regarded as a party to the cartel , the purpose of which was to establish the benchmarks for the alloy surcharge on that market , in breach of Article 65(1 ) of the Treaty . ECSC . 36 Consequently , since the objective of such an agreement was at the time contrary to the interests of Acerinox as regards the Spanish market , its accession to an agreement relating to Spain could therefore constitute only proof of acceptance by that undertaking of the alloy surcharge on its domestic market [ ... ] . She 's not supposed to be here . It belongs here . I 'll take care of my loved ones . Maybe you should do the same . Thanks for the tour , Vince . As some of you know , this is where people gather and talk about their " survival " . and hopefully find a deeper nature of their life . ... but with the blessings of a second chance ... ... there comes a great responsibility . And nobody knows better than Sheriff Tom Underlay .
R536	Every one of them . I count 32 boxes . there 's more than $ 3 million . There 's still plenty of them . We 'll come back for them later . Amelia is still surrounded by loneliness ... and asks herself stupid questions about the world or this town . For example , how many couples have an orgasm right now ? 15 ... And finally , the night on August 30 , 1997 . That 's what will change the life of Amélie Poulain . - Good evening . Princess of Wales , Lady Di died this afternoon in a car accident . She was with her boyfriend ... On August 31 , at 4:00 in the morning ... ... Amélie suddenly had a great idea . He will find the owner of the box ... ... and return his treasure to him . Amélie starts to interfere with other people 's lives . If they do n't , well , they 're out of luck . Did a little boy live here in my apartment in the ' 50s ? But , yes , come in . Yeah , kids ... Name OF THE MEDICINAL PRODUCT AND ROUTE(S ) OF ADMINISTRATION INJECTION BOTTLE / TAXOTERE 80 mg/4 ml label The control status of " software " for equipment described in this category is described in this paragraph . must have a multi - stage defense . Dogs .
R537	privately funded grant . for research purposes . we 're a faculty hospital . there 's an operation in the picket . With all due respect , sir , it 's worth a try . It 's always somebody 's life , O'Malley . We have to start warming up , Shepherd . Now , I need him now , Shepherd . Ah , here it is . I got it . That 's it . When you find a crossroads , mark it with an arrow . No no no . but , sir . Leave me alone , I 'm thinking . You 're kind , but I 'd be much better if I practiced more in the drawing than you forced me to . It 's beautiful . I would never contradict you , Miss Woodhouse , but your friend is right . It 's a really beautiful job . Lovely work , Mr. Elton , was your ceremony . must be so drafty in the church , Mr. Elton ? It is difficult to repent when one fears for health . Maybe a little tea and a cake will refresh you , sir ? Miss Taylor , do n't you serve a cake at your wedding ? You 're putting us in danger . and I 'm not alone in my fear . He 's gon na support me . There , Mr. Woodhouse , he 's having a cake .
R538	So , look for the men who match the profile ... ... but also the women , the victimology fits . ( 2005/C 100/11 ) ( Text with EEA relevance ) Member States shall ensure that independent mechanisms are put in place , such as the Energy Ombudsman or a consumer body , to allow for effective handling of complaints and out - of - court dispute settlements . I 'd rather not . Send reinforcements at Esteridge Farm . We have two suspects , a man and a woman , fleeing in a black - and - white car . heading west on the old highway . Promise me you 'll kill him . Hey , you . I 'm supposed to move you . Hey , you . Let 's show them ! Hang on . Take cover ! gas ! Fuck . For a while , I thought you were gon na shoot me . I wanted to , if I did n't make it to the plane , look after my girls . Our soldiers did n't do that . assholes . A murderer . What is that ? ! In addition , derogations and derogations may be adopted under this Article only in so far as they are necessary to ensure the balance of the requirements arising from the fundamental rights in question . I think you got ta be cool at home . what kind of cease - fire has it been talking about for the last four days ?
R539	If I come back , I 'll have a law office at the Woolworth Building . I already have the 28th floor selected for her . You can see the whole city , the harbor , Brooklyn . Why do you want to watch Brooklyn ? That son of a bitch flew three feet into the air and landed stiff as a board . Me ? a prohibitive law will be passed in a year . someone 's always going to have a drink . That 's what he 's gon na do . What about you , Eddie ? in time , I may start my own business . In addition , the Authority has started to apply the Deggendorf judgment more systematically ( 12 ) . This judgment enables the Authority , if certain conditions are met , to require EFTA States to suspend the payment of a new compatible aid to the company until that company has replaced old unlawful and incompatible aid covered by a recovery decision . I ca n't do this . Excuse me ? I cut Eddie off . Sue 's right . If you want to play with us , sing Frank - N - Furter 's number . If I take the role , I will express my support for the arts in schools . You want to tell me how to direct my show ? Will , Will ... I 'd like to play Frank - N - Furter .
R540	Plus , I 'm gon na look like a hot chick in that costume . Reference acts Communication from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament of 2 May 2005 establishing a framework programme on Solidarity and Management of Migration Flows for the period 2007 - 2013 ( COM(2005 ) 123 final ) . Commission Decision 2007/815/EC of 29 November 2007 implementing Decision No 573/2007/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the adoption of strategic guidelines for 2008 to 2013 ( OJ L 326 , 12.12.2007 , p. 29 ) . A reduction E i ( in metres ) applicable on each side of the gauge in a section between the axles / bogie centres . ( b ) A reduction of E o ( in metres ) on both sides of the gauge in parts beyond the axles or bogie centres . extension of the MiFID rules to similar products and services ( Articles 1 , 3 and 4 ) In the context of the preparation of structured retail investment products[15 ] , the Commission committed to ensure a consistent regulatory framework based on the provisions of MiFID for the distribution of different financial products between retail investors , to meet similar investor needs and to address comparable investor protection problems . There have also been concerns about the applicability of MiFID where investment firms or credit institutions issue and sell their own securities .
R541	While the application of MiFID is clear when selling investment advice , more clarity is needed in the case of the provision of services without advice , if it could be considered that an investment firm or a bank does not provide services under MiFID . In view of the lessons learnt from the financial crisis , the complexity of financial markets and products , and the need for investors to rely on a similar level of protection irrespective of the location or nature of providers , the difference in the rules applied in the Member States for entities in place that are exempt from MiFID and offering a limited range of investment services is no longer sustainable . Therefore , the proposals extend the MiFID requirements , in particular as regards the conduct of business and conflict of interest rules , the sales of structured deposits by credit institutions coupled with and without advice , clarifying that MiFID also covers investment firms and credit institutions that sell their securities without providing advice , and require Member States to determine in their legislation applicable to entities established in their territory and activity analogous to the provisions of the MiFID . may be equipped with devices to stabilise the net or limit its drift.' Article 3 In Article 2 of Regulation ( EC ) No 2187/2005 , the following point is added : ' ( o ) Implementation of the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive ( WEEE ) in Italy and Greenpeace ( 2 )
R542	if you sin , I can not save you . " he walked firmly across the wide terrace to the door , and his squad followed him dully . as he marched , he felt a panicky panic that , as he approached the big door , was gaining strength . as if his heart had tightened and there was a mad desire to run away . only the fatalistic courage gained by training forced him to continue . he saw the vast empty hall in which he was on the far side of the altar , himself also large , but the dwarf 's mammoth dimensions , given the mammoth dimensions of the room . the inner walls glowed , each with its own light , red , blue , green , gold . the ceiling was perfectly and spotless white , the floor as completely black . Summary 1 . The mere fact that the actual beneficiaries of such a scheme are identifiable does not mean that the Commission is obliged to take account of their individual situation . Consequently , the decision relating to the aid scheme is , in principle , based on a general and abstract examination of the aid scheme at issue , which is , in itself , a measure of general application .
R543	However , it can not be ruled out that , in certain circumstances , the provisions of a general measure of general application may be individually concerned by certain natural or legal persons under the fourth paragraph of Article 230 EC if those persons are affected by certain attributes which are peculiar to them or by reason of factual circumstances which differentiate them from all other persons . notification events for the Terminal Services Session Folder deleting the protocols in the " % SystemRoot%\System32 ssesdir " folder failed . error code was % 1 . failed to start the directory service session due to a problem in specifying the RPC protocol sequence . error code was % 1 . the directory service session failed due to a problem registering the RPC interface handle . failed to start a directory service session due to a problem retrieving RPC descriptor binding . error code was % 1 . the directory service session failed due to a problem registering the RPC endpoint . error code was % 1 . failed to start the directory service session due to a problem registering RPC authentication information . error code was % 1 . the directory service session failed due to a problem listening to the RPC protocol . error code was % 1 .
R544	" Yes . and he blinked again , and the frowning faded slightly . ' You are not German . ' He was very sure . " My father 's family is from Baden - Baden on the edge of Schwarzwald , but Great - Uncle Otto comes from Hamburg . " " You said only your uncle had the accent . " " By the time I came into the world , most of the family , except for my grandmother , was in the country for so long that they had no accents , but Uncle Otto never lost it . " Olaf said it half quizzically , half as a statement . I nodded . " How did he die ? " " Grandma Blake says Aunt Gertrude cut him to death . " His lips twisted . ' Women are tyrants when a man allows it . ' GAS GAS 3.1 . The material constituting the gas flow adjuster which is in contact with the CNG shall be compatible with CNG . and it really should n't be drawn like this . So this is our original block of carbon-14 . what happens during those 5,740 years is that some of these atoms , based on probability , turned into nitrogen , accidentally , at random points . and we know that over 5,740 years there is a 50 % chance that any of these carbon atoms will turn into nitrogen atom .
R545	So after 5,470 years , or after one half - life of carbon , there 's a 50 % chance that any of these carbons will turn into nitrogen . This semester . We have to party ! Yeah , but we 're gon na go before the sun goes down ... we 're gon na make a fire ... it 's gon na be great . you do n't want to know about your love life . A little scandal , yes . You know when smoke has to be fire . You need to learn something about public opinion , Commander . Tom Zarek is a very popular person , almost cult . The 20 years he 's been given is a controversial issue . Introduction and legal basis On 23 October 2007 , the European Central Bank ( ECB ) received a request from the Council of the European Union for an opinion on a proposal for a Council Regulation amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1338/2001 laying down measures necessary for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting ( 1 ) ( hereinafter the ' proposed regulation' ) . The ECB 's competence to deliver an opinion is based on the third sentence of Article 123(4 ) of the Treaty establishing the European Community , which is the legal basis for the proposed regulation .
R546	Do you have any duct tape ? Just then , with yourself , and you caught me . Percy Jones here . She 's not back yet . Excuse me , who 's calling ? Malta The base is produced by blending the following substances : For every 10 hectolitres of the base add : 3,75 litres mineral oil ( petroleum oil ) , 1,5 g methyl violet . Netherlands Per hectolitre of absolute ethanol : To " Colonel , what do we do with Dominique we 'll be waiting . " Thad Beaumom was a formidable writer whose first novel , the Uncalled Dancers , was nominated for the State Book Prize in 1972 . Such a thing would have a certain weight in literary critics , but the eager observers of American personalities did not care for Tad Beaumont , who then published only one novel under his own name . Thad wrote a fat bestseller and three other unusually successful novels under another name . Jerry Harkavay , who represented all the personnel of the waterville branch of the Associated Press , was the first to spread George Stark 's story as soon as Tad 's agent , Rick Cowley , had given Tad 's approval to Louis Boo - ker in Publishers Weekiy .
R547	Harkavay and Booker did n't know the whole story - Thad insistently insisted that the slippery son of a bitch Frederick Clawson had n't had a word about it - but the story was still good enough to count on a wider resonance than the AP telephone lines or the book shop . about Clawson , as Thad had told Liz and Rick . The story was n't even there - Clawson was just a scoundrel who made them publish the story . ' George was n't a nice guy , ' Thad replied . the ghostly world . 2 Under a photograph of Tad and Liz at one of the better cemeteries in Castle Rock , there were two lines of white on a black background . Burkhard Balz introduced the report . answering of his hand under the terms of the following procedure : Sergio Gaetano Cofferati and Ivana Maletić . The following spoke : Tonio Borg and Burkhard Balz . debate the debate . Vote : minutes of 11.3.2014 , item 9.10 . Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on information accompanying transfers of funds [ COM(2013)0044 - C7 - 0034/2013 - 2013/0024(COD ) ] - Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs - Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs . But now I 'm here with you , and you can tell me . I 'm here for you , Darryl . Hi . What 's that like ?
R548	It 's very complicated . It 's always complicated . What are the cops like ? Well , not much . Let 's hope he recovers . I have a meeting with a masseuse , a pedicure , a barber ... I 'll be back for dinner . You should invite us to a restaurant . At least he left my car . That 's a success . Yeah ? Rey here . Come on up . Now what is it ? In the main proceedings , it is appropriate to rule on the action brought by Unicredito against the implied decision of the Agenzia to reject its application for recovery of the tax paid and interest owed , amounting to a total of EUR 244 712 646.05 , paid on the basis of the national refund of the tax . The fact that they 're killing someone is pretty serious . Is this what we have with Lumen ? serious shit ? He 's risking his life for her . She 's putting everything in jeopardy to fix everything that 's happened to her . It sounds crazy , but the only word I have is love . Yeah , pretty sick . But it 's also beautiful . This just came in . Hand work , very elegant . That 's not exactly my style . so maybe one of these rings . What about this ? Mrs. Swinton , you have an urgent call .
R549	The exclusion from the scope of the first paragraph of Article 7 of Decision No 1/80 of family members of a Turkish worker and , in particular , of his children , who were born in the host State , is , moreover , manifestly contrary to the purpose of that decision . In accordance with settled case - law , the aim of the first paragraph of Article 7 is to promote family reunification in the host State . ( 29 ) As stated above , the Court has held that the aim of that article is to facilitate the employment and residence of a Turkish worker duly registered as belonging to the labour force of the Member State concerned by guaranteeing him the maintenance of his family relations . I found a magnifying glass with a magnifying glass , which the barber cut with scissors . dust , you 'll notice , is not the harsh grey dust of the street , but the light brown fuzz of the household , which makes it clear that the hat usually hung at home , while the traces on its inner side show that its owner was sweating heavily and was not likely to be in the best shape . " " This hat has n't been stripped for weeks .
R550	If I were to meet you , my dear Watson , with a week of dust on your hat and see the state of your wife leaving you on the street , I would worry that you were unlucky and lost her devotion . " " But he could be a bachelor . " Just remember what the bird had on his leg . " but how do you infer from all the saints that there is no gas at home ? " " One and perhaps two flecks of fat may be on his hat by accident , but if I can find six of them , I can tell that the owner of the hat is often in the vicinity of the hot tallow , and that he is likely to return at night with a hat in one hand and a sprawling plug in the other . The lump stains are definitely not from the gas lamp . Is that enough for you ? " What ? ! Oh , God ... so you let her cry until she threw up ? ! Well , I bathed her and put her down . . . . . .when she got up . . . . . .and fed her . Ahjumma , take care of it . Ahjumma , you worry ! So ... we have to start . Thank you . Shall we ? Are you ready , girls ? I want to thank you for the beautiful concert .
R551	sometimes we were really good . Any news on Miranda ? No , nothing yet . Can I take it ? Sure . Yes , hello ? that 's impossible . that 's interesting . You already have it . " You saved Hal 's wife , why not mine ? Why not Janice ? I received no answer ; only the stench of burning diesel fuel and burning corpses , only rain falling from the gray sky and drumming on the concrete while my mistress lay dead on the road beside me . It was , of course , not just Melly Moores , who John Coffey had saved in 1932 , and Del 's mouse , which knew the coil trick , and who seemed to be looking for Del long before he came , long before John Coffey himself came . John saved me , too , and many years later , as I stood in that raging Alabama rain , looking for a man who was not there among the shadows under the bridge , when I stood there among the ruined luggage and crippled corpses , I understood the terrible thing that sometimes there was no difference between saving and cursing . I felt one of the other as we sat together on his bunk on the eighteenth of November nineteen and thirty - two .
R552	as through our joined hands , some strange force that never comes in the days of our love and hope and good resolution , a sensation that began as armor , and then it turned into something so persistent and powerful , a force that went beyond everything I 've ever experienced before . I never got another urinary infection , nor did he have any fervent wound . I 've had a cold , but very rarely - once every six , seven years - and though people who do n't suffer from a cold usually have more serious sickness , it was n't my case . Once , at the beginning of that terrible year of 1956 , I had a gallstone . Even if it had been strange to someone over everything I described , part of me enjoyed the pain as the stone went away . It was my only serious illness from the urinary tract troubles twenty - four years before . the diseases that they took to my friends and beloved peers when none of them remained - stroke , cancer , heart attacks , liver disease , blood disease - left me intact , avoiding me in the way the driver was avoiding a deer or a raccoon that would come out of the woods . The only , really serious accident that I was involved with ended up with a scratched hand for me . Callie Torres ? Seattle Grace ? No . I 'm Kenton Giles .
R553	I did n't think you 'd stop practicing . You 're working for Pegasus now ? With that cartilage , it reaches its peak , and sometimes it 's best to leave before it starts to fall . As soon as Brian is injected with anesthesia , we 'll be able to start surgery . No offense , but we came here for them , not you . Sure . Wilson , would you take our friends up to the galley ? Follow me . he opened the door and pulled out several bottles of Perrier - Escobedo liked him . he opened it so that he pushed the locks into a bullet hole in the trunk of the trunk and yanked it down . even José grunted with amusement , and Escobedo was a man who admired such stunts . " I get thirsty from danger , " Cortez explained , handing them the bottles . " It was an exciting evening , " Escobedo agreed , taking a long sip from his bottle . The first , like everything for the first time , was something special , but now it was routine . The interested parties transmitting confidential information are invited to submit a non - confidential summary of this information . These summaries should be so detailed as to allow a reasonable understanding of the essential content of confidential information . Under special circumstances , such parties may declare that such information is not appropriate for a summary .
R554	In these special circumstances , the reasons why the summary is not possible must be stated . Article 6 Information for employees 1 . Without prejudice to Article 10 of Directive 89/391/EEC , the employer shall take the measures necessary to ensure that workers have adequate information and , where appropriate , written instructions on the work equipment used at work . God save you ! That 's thirsty ! No . I 'm leaving in an hour . but your horse will not recover in that time . Bring a liter of wine and pour it in his oats . I have a sick heart , I 'm sick ... What 's that ringing ? They call doctor . He left , and we 've had five sick people in the village since this morning . It 's from the water in the well , it 's gone wrong . Is Manosque far away ? You wo n't be there by tonight . Through Bastide , it takes all day . Are you sick too ? Yes , I can manage . Sure . Relax , it 's me . Something 's not right . I resisted the temptation to jump to the end , where the mystical chapters are shorter and more pronounced . but every time I started to dream , everything has faded overnight and I came back in the morning , unsure if I 'm lost in a strange country . her landscape was still familiar to me .
R555	( e ) Other fruiting vegetables ( iv ) No 966/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 October 2012 on the financial rules applicable to the general budget of the Union and repealing Council Regulation ( EC , Euratom ) regions eligible for transitional assistance under the Competitiveness and Employment objective : unseen , without a shadow of suspicion . " " Then why did you choose Patashoqua ? " " For . . . sentimental reasons , " Pie replied . " You 'll see , very soon . " she paused . " Do you want to go ? " " Sure . " Pie 's fingers touched Gentle 's face . " Close your eyes , " she said . a gentle obedience . The hand of Pie sought out Gentle 's free hand and picked it up in the middle . " You have to help me , " she said . I 'll meet you tomorrow . Fuck you ! Harry , you should do that shot in overtime . Look , Buddy . I do n't think Martin 's the right guy . and why the hell not ? ! because he 's too small . Come on . Why does he want Martin in it all the time ? fraternization . you ca n't make Martin Weir Mel Gibson . Where would you like to go ? Article 9 Restrictions applicable to ' A' licence applications 1 .
R556	The total quantity covered by ' A' licence applications submitted by a traditional importer in a particular import tariff quota period shall not exceed that importer 's reference quantity . Applications which do not comply with this rule shall be rejected by the competent authorities . in human Winthrop Comb 25 SoloStar 100 IU / ml suspension for injection in a pre - filled pen . What ? Are you serious ? Who is it ? That 's classified . Why ? Leave me alone ! Come on , you got ta get tough . ... but he 's interested in someone else . Go ahead and get him ! a number of people wonder what resources we will have for such obligations . For the pipes , Eddings is just the material for the next article . the worse they die , the better for them . " but I suppose his colleagues will be extraordinarily short of word . the investigation of death frightens people if they have no personal interest in it . " " When 's the toxicology test coming ? " Marino asked . " Let 's hope today . " I 'm telling Wesley it 's murder , and he 's asking for evidence because it 's his beer , too . " " I think he 's going to visit the FBI office . He helped me pick up the dirty dishes and put them in the sink .
R557	We 'll see if the chill gets us in the night . We 'll chat tomorrow morning . Well , I think a life partner is stupid . Fuckit . He did n't mean you , but that kid ... that 's exactly what I meant , my friend . Do n't fall in . If it happens to you , you 'll be physically ... This is our private stock for the Ice Age . Yes , Tony ? We 'll get him . I felt , I did . Gerry , we 're in trouble . Gerry ? Who ? The man who should have killed you . Who 's asking ? his successor . Look . Where is he ? IMSI TS 129 078 Open UMTS Services ( UMTS Open Service Access , OSA ) ; Application Program Interface ( API ) ; Part 1 : Overview ETSI TS 129 198 - 1 Architecture for Open UMTS Services ( UMTS Open Services Architecture ) ; Application Programme Interface - Part 2 ETSI TR129 998 449 . 2 . Access to the facilities and services of the network No standard or specification is included on this list of standards , as none are currently considered to meet the criteria set out in the explanatory note . what is the volume when x is 2 ? part ( a ) is equal to 2 . You could say it 's going to be 8 to the third .
R558	Riley , we ca n't trust him . if you say so . Cong is using the chip against you . somehow got into the computers . You 're getting the wrong data . Ignore the data . You know me , Gabriel . Look at me and tell me what you feel , not what you think . you may not have a memory , but you have an emotional memory . You already knew it . Listen to your inner voice . Hee - chul ! Sis , you 're here , too . Take it right ! Careful . Jae - eun . Hee - chul ! My bag ! Yeah , you left this bag at the café . Hyung - suk told me to take her with me . Hey , get ready to leave . It 's a little hectic , is n't it ? the woman who cries with her head down in the world ... Yeah , a little .
R559	Gazette L 256/2012 ISSN 1977 - 0626 doi:10.3000/19770626 . L_2012.256.acts Official Journal of the European Union L 256 English edition Legislation Volume 55 22 September 2012 Contents II Non - legislative acts 12/510/EU Council Decision of 10 July 2012 on the position to be adopted , on behalf of the European Union , on amendments to Annexes II and III to the Protocol on specially protected areas and biodiversity in the Mediterranean to the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and the Coastal Region of the Mediterranean , adopted at the 17th Meeting of the Parties ( Paris , France , 8 to 10 February 2012 ) The three with her , maybe , but not just the two of us . Does anybody else want to say something about Don ? Eddie , do you have to have some nice memories you want to share with us ? How about the first time you met ? " You hug me again and I 'll kick you in the cock . " That 's true , that 's what I said . Okay , that was a beautiful story . What about you ? You got ta have some . You 've been living with Donnie for some time . Donnie ? Well , you had to have a lot of fun stuff together . I , um ... Well , to be honest , Bri , there were too many moments to choose one .
R560	When you were 10 years old , I said you 'd be in the High Court someday . Thank you . The lab coat , the robe ... if it covers your clothes , you 'll be fine . The EU remains fully committed to pursuing the efforts of the Iranian nuclear issue through negotiations on the basis of the NPT and the full implementation of all relevant UNSC and IAEA Board of Governors Resolutions . In November 2013 , the E3/EU+3 and Iran reached an interim agreement in Geneva , known as the Joint Action Plan , which entered into force on 20 January 2014 by a Decision of the Foreign Affairs Council . The EU High Representative , together with the E3 + 3 political directors ( China , France , Germany , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States ) , entered into negotiations with Iran to reach a long - term comprehensive solution to the Iranian nuclear issue , as set out in the Joint Plan of Action . several rounds of interviews at both political and vocational level have already been held . In parallel to the E3/EU+3 negotiations , the IAEA and Iran work continued on the basis of the cooperation framework to address all current and past open issues , including issues related to a possible military dimension . In February and May , the IAEA and Iran reached agreements on certain practical measures to be implemented by Iran , with some other issues still outstanding .
R561	The EU remains concerned about the Iranian and ballistic missile activities and risks posed by the development of ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads , and is convinced that all issues identified in UN Security Council Resolutions 1737 , 1747 , 1803 , 1835 and 1929 need to be fully addressed . As regards the DPRK , the EU has continued to urge the EU to comply with its obligations under the relevant UN Security Council Resolutions , including by abandoning all existing nuclear and ballistic missile programmes fully , demonstrably and irreversibly . The EU has repeatedly called on the DPRK to resume its obligations with regard to the safeguards under the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty and the IAEA and to provide the IAEA with the requested access to individuals , documentation , equipment and facilities . The EU has been constantly supportive of the resumption of the Six - Party Talks process and has called on the DPRK for the return of credible and genuine international negotiations . In addition to the implementation of UN Security Council Resolutions , the EU has also introduced additional autonomous restrictive measures , including strengthening controls on dual - use items and the proliferation of conventional arms . Again , the EU urged the DPRK to ratify the CTBT and to refrain from any further provocative actions . The EU remains extremely concerned about the advanced DPRK technology technology technology , in particular its long - range missile projects .
R562	In the rare circumstance that such a case occurs , the German authorities issuing the driving licence must be contacted in case of doubt about the scope of a particular entitlement . if the holder of a ' Klasse 2' entitlement issued before 1.4.1957 or a ' Klasse 5' entitlement issued after 31 . floppy progress analysis foreground formula Fourier analysis fraction Frequency GNOME GNU GPL " In that case , there 's no such thing as a choice . All you have to do is accept it , no more than accept it . you 'll never understand or you wo n't know . What do you say ? " ' I fear the unknown , Lord . ' " But I 'm not afraid of it ! Moneo had expected a similar crisis , and , now that she had come , he had almost greeted her . He knew his life depended on his answer . He looked at his God Emperor , and his mind worked frantically . that was an incomplete answer . Analysis of key issues The management of the health workforce can be considered in terms of inputs ( education ) , continuous support and surveillance ( maintenance ) and control of their loss , including the management of centrifugal factors and the attractiveness of migration .
R563	The years of chronically underestimated investment in the education of health workers have resulted in a reduction in education capacity in many countries . He leaped back , grabbed Thomas by his shirt , and pushed him against the wall . " Psst , " Minho whispered . " There 's a Griever bitch in front . " Thomas 's eyes widened , and he felt his heart quicken , though he was already pumping hard and relentlessly . Minho simply nodded and pressed a finger to his lips . Do not transfer your insulin lispro from your Humalog 200 units / ml KwikPen into a syringe . The marking on the insulin syringe will not measure the dose correctly . Do not transfer your insulin from your Humalog 200 units / ml KwikPen to any other medicine for your insulin dose , such as insulin pumps . Regulation adopted under paragraph 1 shall apply not earlier than six months after its adoption . Article 8 Application of the market share threshold 1 . The rules set out in this paragraph shall apply to the use of the market share threshold within the meaning of Article 3 : market share is calculated on the basis of the value of sales on the market . If sales on the market are not available , estimates derived from other reliable market information , including sales volumes on the market , can be used to establish market share .
R564	market share shall be calculated on the basis of data relating to the previous calendar year . they 're not going to deal with these . Fatah needs it to be big . Charlie , I 'm sending you a list of places for your search for Fatah . I went through it hurriedly , but I think I found a connection . Madam President , why did you hold a press conference where you announced the death of Sheikh Hakam ? Who told you about that ? Victor Gantry tried to blackmail me . It 's like he 's a part of them . ' equity instruments' means equity instruments issued by an institution that can be considered as Common Equity Tier 1 , Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital instruments ; That provision provides that , where the purchaser does not buy the whole of the group but only one undertaking or part , whether or not it has the subsidiary status , only the turnover of the acquired part will be included in the turnover calculation . Although , in legal terms , the vendor as a whole ( with all its subsidiaries ) is a party to the operation , since , without it , a sale and purchase agreement can not be concluded , it does not in fact play any role after the agreement has been implemented . Look at that . The cop who drinks French champagne .
R565	Bilbo did not understand what had so excited the creature , but he saw that it was all over , and that Gollum wanted to kill him in any event . At the last moment he ran and ran blindly back through the black passageway through which he had come , holding himself close to the wall and groping for it with his left hand . " What 's in his pocketbook ? " it snapped loudly behind him , and there was a splash as Gollum leaped from the boat . " What I 've got , I 'd like to know , " thought Bilbo , stumbling and puffing down the corridor . He put his left hand in his pocket . the grin sounded tight behind him . when he looked back , he saw Gollum 's eyes like green lamps rising up the slope . the horror forced him to run even faster , but suddenly he stumbled over some obstacle on the ground and stretched out as long as he could with the sword below . But before Bilbo could do anything , to catch his breath , to pick himself up , or to wave his sword , Gollum swept past him without noticing it . he struggled to his feet and sheathed his sword , which began to glow faintly again , and resumed his journey with great care . he seemed to have nothing else to do .
R566	there was no point in crawling back to Gollum 's lake . I 'd love to . I do n't want to hear about it . I said I 'd love to . Hell , I was ready to crush your balls . God , everything I said to Grace was that I met Jacob and he was a nice guy . Well , apparently Grace does n't want to talk about him , Ames . What , did she call you and cry because I said something to her ? Oh , please , wife number one called you and told you something because Grace said something to her . This is ridiculous ! We 're seniors ! We all grew up and Grace kept calling her mom , and she calls my daddy because I told her something bad ? just call her and apologize . I have a two - year - old who wants his favorite pajama shirt before he goes to bed . I do n't eat , and I 'm hungry , and all I care about is the daughter of wife number one ? No , that 's not all I care about . No , it 's not , is it ? She 's married , you know , just in case you think you can go back to her or something stupid . for the third time . He treated me like a goat . I was like a dog at the shack .
R567	it would be worth considering . Imagine your Jean 's face when she sees you dance like " Flashdance " . Do n't touch it ! about what the short movie was about ? It 's good to have you back . Well , I swear to God , if you give me a piece of a chick , I 'm out of here . How exactly did he describe what he gave you ? The doctor has secrets , you know ? and it 's discovered . Ma'am , I just realized I forgot to lock the door . It 's okay , Jenny . What do you mean , wrong ? No , ma'am , I should have locked the door before we went into the trance . It 's okay , Jenny . Someone broke in . Someone 's here with us . I 'm sorry , ma'am . I 'm sorry , I 'm so sorry . I think I was murdered . It looked exactly the same . Jon broke a long silence . " In all devotion , Your Highness , and with all due respect , my lord , I announce that the time has come . " " Indeed , " Arkezhan said . Article 2 This Decision shall enter into force on the date of its adoption . It shall apply from 1 July 2013 . He 's a Frenchman . What 's going on ? Nothing . Kiss my ass !
R568	You are my best man ! I would have been lost without you . Ratchet , Reiser ! Here . Mllk , Pflüger , cover the front door . ( see para . 61 ) 6 . In the context of proceedings brought for infringement of the competition rules , the undertaking concerned is only informed , at the beginning of the inter partes stage of the administrative procedure , of all the essential facts on which the Commission relies at that stage of the procedure . This also applies where the Commission relies on such a document in order to demonstrate the instigating or leadership of one of the undertakings concerned . Point 27 of the Commission Notice on access to the Commission file in cases pursuant to Articles 81 EC and 82 EC , Articles 53 , 54 and 57 of the EEA Agreement and Regulation No 139/2004 are consistent with that case - law , according to which , even if the parties do not have access to the replies of the other parties in the statement of objections , Growth or exculpatory , relating to the allegations relating to such a party in the statement of objections . Dad 's home . I 'm so glad you 're home . my alabaster doll . Gentlemen . You look great . No eye contact ! I spent the whole day cleaning up your Emmy and preparing dinner for the hammers . immaculate . Fabulous ! Yes ! Yeah ! I 'm evil .
R569	You have no idea what you 're talking about . Look at you . The modern man , the magazines , the TV shows us what 's great , so what you 're doing is you can go out here and buy anything nice , so you 're deceiving your feeble self - esteem . I 've had enough of you , man ! Get off me ! We can never win this fight with Crick . I just have a desperate chance . Bastard ! Get the hell away from me ! I think we got rid of him . Patty ! What was that ? Late , Fronsac . The beast is immortal . It 's a map , idiot . there 's not gon na be a time machine written on it ... I ca n't believe it . It 's , uh ... Oh , we 'll just follow the blue line . Blue line , of course ! Of course . We go down the blue line , we get to the time machine , and we stop Thanksgiving . Welcome aboard . Grouping management management the amount of the tax cyclical inventory vehicle registration number refill wave work Transportation demand cache hosted in role instance own logo action Behind you ! Nice shot . Hang on . Do n't give up , man . Yeah , I wo n't . Why are you avoiding them ? They 're still kind of like people . are not .
R570	You 're gon na be a big snack for these monsters . He has to come . Just shut up ! Okay ? Quickly , please ! Dan , please do n't drive me ! What am I supposed to do now ? Get away from him ! Hey , how are you ? They 're more afraid of you than you are of them . I do n't know , I feel terrible . And I have it on my face , too ? I do n't know . You saw me and Kim last night , that kiss ... I know what you 're thinking . Does the logo look familiar to you ? Alex had it on his shirt , so we know he was there . to see how close the bar is and how any patient who was here could see it ... Maybe we should talk to them and see if other patients like jazz and free drinks . what if they start to become violent like Tommy ? Do n't worry about it . Hey , Bradester , you probably know their schedules , do n't you ? So let 's find out what classes they 're in right now . It 's okay , accidents happen . you can convince Tommy to do it . What happened to him ? I did n't even look , I left . He was kicked out of film school after the first year .
R571	You know that 's a good idea ? I would like to propose a film under the name " Celebrating " of the director Philip Moshe , from the Wielice Film Club . For example , the seriousness of the corporate celebration and , on the other hand , the backdrop of the whole affair . One word to say : it proves the ability of the director , and is such a testimony to an interesting , say , modern movie narrative . But I do not know if it will be to the detriment of such a promising youth if we spoil it all at once . But he 's not that young . Show yourself , Mr. Mosz . during the deliberations , a jury of colleagues spoke very suggestively of the films we had seen here . Tesla nodded . " But hurry , " she said . " Or it 's over with all of us . " She looked away from Grillo and looked at the parking lot or the night that surrounded him . he seemed to be expecting someone . Probably the other ghost from underground . Come on , where 's the snake ? I want to get this Savia ! Translation from the wire : f1nc0 synchro : vegemit I 'm not a morning person . ... but if you can't-- - No , no . 24 and difficulty breathing . Put her on the curtain one . I 'm sorry ...
R572	Yes . Louden - ALL : Well , you can do better than that : That 's better - Corn the same time tomorrow , yeah Oh , I did n't do it with you -- Why do n't you go back to line if any of the readers are interested , contact me on an e - mail aquatab gmail.com . document class Set all options for this standard class ( optional ) : use standard fonts use standard paper size Do you want to remove " Argument " from the document class list ? remove document class Add Font Size Enter font sizes ( comma - separated ) : Do you want to remove " Argument " from the font size list ? Delete Font Size Add Paper Size Do you want to remove " Argument " from the paper size list ? remove paper size Wait a minute , what sound ? What the hell ? He needs help here ! Caroline ! is dead . Anna ! That 's my blood . If you die with her in your body , you 'll come back . I saw her get killed . I know you cared about her . Okay . Restaurant . pool . Outside or covered ? One outdoor , one covered , both with the showers . It 's a beautiful place . good access from the road and the railroad . Airport for half an hour . a building permit ? all arranged . The staff ?
R573	he was already looking for it . Yeah , but not impossible . but in fact , she 's completely guilty . in the women 's penitentiary , it 's probably like a lady 's party . I 've been thinking hard enough , and , um ... I think I 've changed my mind . in part , but basically ... I accidentally got in touch with her at a club . I know I should n't have , but it turns out ... he does things like that all the time . It smells of confusion . ... if you want . Say it 's confusing , go crying to your dad . But look ... maybe I did n't play by the rules this time ... maybe I 'm a little ... rebel ... but I think I 've already closed this case . If we let them go today , we will be responsible ... for whatever he does , so help me God and the Lord be a witness ! The Fosaprepitant is a prodrug of aprepitant and is rapidly converted to aprepitant following intravenous administration ( see section 5.2 ) . The proportion of fosaprepitant on the overall anti - emetic effect has not yet been fully characterised , but the transient benefit during the initial phase can not be excluded . Good , good . Okay . Why do n't we start over ? All right , Mr. Fashi .
R574	For me , why do n't you tell me again what happened last night ? Some man put a knife to my throat . He told me to give him my money . When I hesitated , he cut me . on Grand Avenue . Down at Boystown ? Because if you tell me you were n't there , and your blood matches the one from the car , it tells me you 're not a victim , but a killer . So , Mr. Fashi , what kind of version is that ? In any case , it 's best to anchor . Stay here a little longer , I 'll do something I 'd have to regret . It 's a coincidence that we meet . in my favorite bar where I go all the time . Hi , Andy . we are Amish . A great name for a group . Why did you bring them ? I was afraid to leave them at home . Slowly , Sophie had nothing to break at home . What are you drinkin ' ? By the way , I 'm running with the hillbillies in five minutes . that you could have ... W - W - W - W - Wait a minute . Wait a minute . Look , I know that 's not gon na happen from day to day . I know it 's a process . so I thought we could move Lucas gradually . is n't it ?
R575	just recently , you 've been thinking about moving to New York , For Christ 's sake ... - Okay , I told you , it was a critical moment . which means I wo n't allow you to have Lucas . What ... The club is very popular . Well , Barbara used to go there a lot . is the term ' ethnic origin' used in Directive 2000/43/EC and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union , in the sense that it encompasses a compact group of Bulgarian nationals of Roma , such as the residents of the city of Gizdova mahal , of the city of Dupnica ? No offense , Carmine , but that 's why you ca n't stay here , you have to check the situation and show them that you 're holding the reins . I wo n't do it like that . Do you know that my cousin almost cried when I entrusted him with the casino ? I 'm gon na do so much for him , and the blue - eyed son of a bitch is gon na screw me . Now I 'm gon na almost get down on my knees in front of Johnny Sack . The wannabe heroes on the last ride caused a traffic jam . Do you know anything about Tony B. ? Let 's see . My dirt Valentina . You did n't do that very well . What the hell are you doing ?
R576	What 's the latest information on Chase Edmunds ? After he escaped from Hector , he announced his position as the Delta teams , and now they 're going to pick him up . I 'm Reese , head of action . How are you ? I got shot in the arm , but I 'm fine . What about the others ? I have two people here . they 're coming with me . We saw a car from the air headed this way . These are Salazar 's men . 11 . ( 2 ) Texts adopted , 7.6.2005 , P6_TA(2005)0211 . Let 's do it ! You knocked them out ! I hope no one was hurt . Shelby , get my stuff . Mrs. Ouiser , the dog eats Dad alive ! Ouiser , call the dog ! This is my wedding day ! Rip it , Rhett ! Strike ! Dad , what happened ? Bite him in the balls ! Sorry . Sadie , Sadie , I 've been thinking ... You have a 10:30 with Reverend Frank . Is he here ? in 2 months , 50 concerts . Ask users to enter a numeric value , such as quantity or price . string
R577	Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on 26 May 2006 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 24 May 2006 . If the revised ecological criteria have not been adopted before the end of that period , they shall be extended for an additional year . Article 4 For administrative purposes , the code number assigned to the product group shall be " 019 " . Done at Brussels , 19 July 2001 . For the Commission Margot Wallström Member of the Commission ( 1 ) OJ L 237 , 21.9.2000 , p. Annex FRAMEWORK In order for a hand dishwashing detergent ( hereinafter referred to as ' the product ' ) to be awarded an eco - label , it shall fall within the product group defined in Article 1 and shall comply with the criteria set out in this Annex on the basis of tests carried out at the time of the application , as specified in the criteria and the technical annex . Where no tests are mentioned or are intended for verification or monitoring , competent bodies shall rely on the relevant declarations and documentation provided by the applicant and/or independent verifications . If the documentation and/or a specific declaration are required , the applicant and/or the manufacturer(s ) and/or supplier(s ) shall submit them . For the purposes of this Annex , ingredients are understood as substances and preparations .
R578	It is recommended that relevant bodies should take into account the implementation of recognised environmental management systems , such as EMAS or ISO 14001 , when assessing applications and monitoring compliance with the criteria defined in this Annex . ( Remark : implementation of such management systems is not obligatory The aim of the criteria is , in particular , to support : The criteria are set at levels that support the labelling of hand dishwashing detergents that have a small environmental impact . environmental CRITERIA 1 . the submission of submissions after the time at which the information was provided shall be taken into account only if received within a period set by the Commission in each case , which shall be at least 20 days , taking due account of the urgency of the matter . Article 5 Hearing 1 . " Hello , hovercraft three , " said the Oasis Control Tower . She let go of the trunk and walked away , exhausted and helpless ; after a while she decided to rest . Although the soft green grass lurked , it climbed a tree , wedged itself between two branches growing close together , its head resting on one of them and closing its eyes . They left me there to die , she told herself . They killed others . what gives them the right to do it ?
R579	The distribution of berries on the stalk may be less regular than in Class I. These defects may be authorised if the table grapes keep their essential characteristics as regards quality , the keeping quality and presentation : defects in shape , defects in colouring , light sun burns , slight bruising , slight skin damage . III . SIZE SIZE Size is determined by the weight of the grapes . Go on . Look , stop cleaning up , OK ? If we 've ever had an apology for our house to be like a pig , it 's now . Enjoy the opportunity , OK ? and there was hope in the tension . I want number . The computer is ready . Harold Thomas , I need to know the address of the owner of the telephone station 202 - 227 - 0098 . A moment , please . Meadow . Take it . That was your grandmother , was n't it ? Come on , fuck ! Oh , shit . At home , I said that a car ran into me , but I passed out behind the wheel . My mother and I broke up . and everything has been good ever since . we broke up for good . It was such an unfortunate argument . It 's over , John . Do you have handcuffs , Carter ? Put them on your friend . I told you we 'd catch him .
R580	but I 'm afraid it 's gon na be your last arrest . I trusted you , Carter , and you threw it away with a very promising career . I 'm sorry . but they 're part of sandwiches with Italian meat . Well , sir , you 're gon na have to come with us , and we 're gon na ask you a few more questions . Unbelievable , Shawn . I asked you for one case . Dude , I 'm sorry . but this is n't a case . Your boy stabbed someone in front of the camera , look . Notice when the knife goes into Nunez . Looks like it must have hurt . Yeah , but look here , on the Gamma - Lobo face . A big case with a double cartridge and a guacamole sauce . That 's it . Yes ! Great , good ! Okay , fix your angle of tilt with the irons ! You mean " wings " ? Oh , yes . Oh , great . Testing oil duct and radiator . mmm - hmm . Great . Huh . Really ? But ! pushing the engine to a red line in a long time . its walls were punctured , and though the roof was intact , it was so rusty that it threatened to collapse at any moment .
R581	Ahren had been hiding here for a long time , clinging to the wall so tightly that he felt as if he had become part of a building . While he was hiding here , he had time to invent various plans for escape , to reject them , and to remember the events that had brought him here . ( 2002 , 245 ) , the Minister for Economic Affairs of the Kingdom of the Netherlands gives notice that he has received an application for authorisation to examine hydrocarbons in part of block K1 marked on the map in Annex 3 to the Mining Regulation , known as ' part of block K1b' . Applications submitted after the expiry of the deadline will not be taken into account . The decision on applications will be taken no later than nine months after the expiry of the period . Further information can be obtained by telephone ( + 31 70 ) 379 66 94 . Okay . Thanks , honey . " Or unfortunates , " said Count Timashev . ' On foot , of course , ' answered Servadac , ' for the sea is no longer free . but we have skates , Count ! " " Father , " said Lieutenant Procope , " I would like to point out something to you .
R582	From a laboratory bulk sample consisting of a single representative cut of the surface fabric , cut a strip diagonally from one corner to the other and remove the edges . This strip is a laboratory sample . They used me when I was the most vulnerable and forced me ... and made me do things . things I would n't have believed ... ... until Senator Perrin showed me the evidence . But I would n't be here . And there are people who are still being held by the Dollhouse . and that means we have to help . What did they make you do ? Remind me why you released her from the contract two years earlier . Right . Something about it to avoid declassification and the existence of this house from the public . Well , that worked out . I 'm not questioning your protocol , Adelle . This is about your judgment . ( b ) So , you want to be a stuntman ? I ... Hey , Nan . something happened in the family , so she needed a job . Calm down and talk slowly . I 've seen what he can do at the bottom of the open door . I 'll ask the assistant where he can organize the exam . Thank you . Take them to Ah De , and arrange some rehearsal . The others were ... once a week . I 'm sorry , because I was there alone .
R583	Yeah , this is a problem . Put it around ! They 're all skirmishes . I grazed sheep , cattle , and llamas . But the pastures became a desert . sheep and cattle are gone , dead or sold . I need to pee . Me , too . All right , quit shouting . Gaya , give me the bucket . Wait for your turn . The shooters had to cross this river if they were heading north . You can cross ! Get up and help us . Who wants a drink ? It promotes all . It is self - evident to associate nuclear safety experts to share with them . there 's a need for more states to do it . Following the example of Moldova , all countries should ensure that the personnel of security forces are properly trained in the capacity to react to the meter of nuclear terrorism . countries must invest in equipment and infrastructure and share information across borders . The fact that there has been no serious nuclear terrorist attack should not have lulled us into a state of false sense of security . threat remains .
R584	In such circumstances there would be an obstacle to lis pendens , and the action would therefore be manifestly inadmissible . ( see paras 67 , 68 ) 58/72 and 75/72 [ 1985 ] ECR 511 , paras 3 to 5 ; Yeah . Is there anything I can do for you , ma'am ? You do n't know who I am ? Give me a chocolate bar and a soda , Mr. Leonard . You 're Mary Jo ... How are you , Mary Rose ? Oh , my God . She looks like her . thirty - nine . Fifty - one , please . Right here . he was in his cell when he was pounding the lights . logically , it should be here in the morning . I want to find him . not tomorrow , not after breakfast . Now ! Yes , sir . You know Christabella . I think so . Fine . Nice to meet you . Thank you for the champagne . You 're not the first time in New York , are you , Mrs. Lomax ? You raised him really well . No . We 're here . Good night , Mary Ann . Kevin , wait . Never , Jane , never . I 'm happy you have a boyfriend . That 's what you need . I said nothing . " You are an outlaw , I see , " he continued . I had no reason to refute his opinion .
R585	Me ? I would do that ? John , with Babylon 4 , we will be able to save my people and yours . It 's history . That 's already happened . All we have to guarantee is that we do it now . How long have you known about this ? not very long . Until I arrived on Babylon 5 , none of us knew where the station came from . All we knew was that she helped us win the war . When I learned the truth , I was afraid to say anything ... ... in case I happened to change the future . I 'm good here at 99 Oak ? Thanks . Mom ? Yeah . I 'm here . Have you seen the guy in the house next door ? No , but he lives there permanently with a carpenter . I 'm sure he 's a homosexual with my luck . I do n't think so . Why ? You know something I do n't know ? No , nothing . I have to go study . Learn ? You seem to be leaving the practice orbit . Yeah , I think so , too . It 'll be fun to watch . Good luck , Sam . Cady , hi . You know , Sam 's not here . I think he 's got some kind of delivery ... or something . It 's okay , I actually want to talk to you .
R586	Yeah , he 's always acting weird . I would n't worry about it . Judgment of the Court ( Third Chamber ) of 29 November 2007 - Italy v Commission ( Case C - 417/06 P ) roles AND RESPONSIBILITIES 12 . all four SOLID funds have the same management and control mechanisms and are implemented in shared management mode . Under this principle , the Member States are responsible for the ( operational and financial ) implementation of the financed measures , while the Commission remains responsible for the overall execution of the budget . For the use of each of the Funds , the Commission adopts strategic principles setting out the EU Programme Framework . What do you think you 're doing ? I 'm going home . page 45 of the customer manual , He 's clearly saying that you need to sign the records at the end of every day . So please read it before you go . I 'm sorry about the tremors , Mr. Taylor . The weather came out of nowhere . How far is it ? in about 15 minutes , we should land We 're almost home . Honey , that nice lady asked you a question . Oh , he would have had a hard time talking about it last night . He insisted that one of those dinosaur things was hiding in the closet . I have a daughter his age . Does he think of anything ? Look out .
R587	One day of my stay was enough to justify why I did n't come here . It 's ambrosia , Billy . in Providence , Rhode Island . Why did you come back here ? I teach for money . This is college ? How come there have n't been more girls like you before ? My mom taught her for a while , too . She must be proud of you . Why ? Concerning the Council of the Brothers , no doubt . in exchange for a fair bid ? You 're gon na settle my debt with Jones ... ... to get my freedom ? Sure . It 's just a good deal . and if I were in a shared mood , what should I say ? Everything . Where are they supposed to meet ? Who are these pirate lords ? What is the purpose of nine pieces of eight ? Beckett has agreed that the Black Pearl will be mine ! not just a ship that 's faster than the Dutchman , is it ? Too bad they 're not bound to honor the laws of the Brotherhood , are they ? because it 's hard for you to run into honor these days . The Windows system can not determine if it is installed because the following error occurred : % 1 Install the modem by double - clicking the Modem icon in the Control Panel . Windows can not install the proxy server with this account information .
R588	you must specify a proxy server . Please enter a valid server name . Windows can not find the Internet Configuration library ( ICFGNT.DLL ) . the following error occurred : % 1 I have to admit , it was pretty good how you held that harpoon . Yeah , that was pretty cool . No . ISIS agents use Krav Maga . Really ? The suit will fit a lot better . Shut up and line up , you old prune ! Excuse me . Cyril , watch this . Really ? Do n't make it weird , it 's your boyfriend . Russian production , 25th caliber when you 'd like to use an underwear pistol ? Hopefully never . I did n't make that decision ... but this did . Get back in your clothes and get out . You 'll be back here at 6:00 in the morning . To Maybelle , you 'll be back in the morning reckoning . No , my daughter is with her father 's mother . Yeah , my girl 's in Ohio . Unbelievable . Deal 's off . And God have mercy on your miserable penal souls , if any of you think he 's gon na run away . You can hide in Australia in a kangaroo pocket , find you . You can be somewhere in an igloo ... You 're damn right . The Add Hardware Wizard will help you install new hardware . handles threads processes total Limit peak
R589	❖ Temporary amendment to specification resulting from imposition of obligatory sanitary or phytosanitary measures by public authorities ( Article 9(4 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 510/2006 ) 3 . amendment(s ) 3.1 . The maximum free fatty acids content has been reduced to 0,8 g/100 g , which corresponds to the production method of nyon oil , where olives are quickly crushed after harvest . . . .you must have hated me . On the contrary , I loved you . How is that possible ? I was wrong . I 'll order you something else . Thank you . I 'm thinking about my return . Are you going back to Paris ? Yes . and you ? I have to stay here . Why ? by the press , you have millions . Defendant : European Commission ( represented by : Berscheid and J. No . Where were you ? I already went to the door when the guy did it for me . Did you succeed ? Well , I 'm gon na try to get there tonight . You got a date ? Yeah . imports from other third countries ( average prices ) indices He 's my father . I 'm free . I 'm free . No . I know . Okay , I promise . Okay , bye . Angry ? on me , not you . Article 9 : not known Homicide . Well , sort of . . . you know . . .
R590	What 's that supposed to mean ? How many meetings are we talking about ? Two or three ? Well , it 's ... it 's not that bad . four months . for , like , four months . Well , that 's ... that 's something . So , what 's Kemp doing here ? " Mostly there 's someone in the trunk . " And I was humming a tune . Do n't start with a genius , Vaughan . Morris here is a modern poet . it 's like this : " Screw the guy in the head who thinks only about the brands . " " He 's out there , and he 's not happy , he keeps the cookies warm at the fan . " He leaves his soul , and then like poetry ... three dots , something unusual . He leaves his soul , the waters spreading under the prolonged spinal cord of mankind . I think the three dots should be between " prolonged " and " spinal cord . " That would be it . Music and melody are up to you . You 're a composer . I do n't understand the lyrics . Karl 's gon na blow it , he 's way out of it .
R591	Why do you have so many girls ? I asked first . I do n't know . That 's the worst fake I.D. I 've ever seen . You know you think you 're 68 ? What do you need a fake ID for ? Do you want to see what 's in my bag ? No . What 's all this shit ? Do you always carry that much with you ? Yeah . I always carry so much crap in my bag . You never know when you 're gon na have to run . I consider that that consideration may also apply to the present case . I consider , like the Commission , that the examination of the questions referred by the High Court of Justice must first of all determine whether a functional feature such as that at issue in the main proceedings may constitute a trade mark within the meaning of Article 2 of the Directive . C - The conditions laid down in Article 2 of the Directive 40 . In order to be able to constitute a trade mark within the meaning of Article 2 of the Directive , it must satisfy three conditions . I swear . Well , with someone , for sure , because the sperm is n't McKeon . Was he a friend or another client ? need to find Maura . we ca n't find here . Do you remember anything that would help us find Maura ?
R592	She was on the phone all night , until her battery died . I have to go to school . It 's not that I do n't mind , but since when did you become me ? You did n't believe her , I did . Let 's see if the cops tested the other fairies . It 's worth a try . It 's not just about that . What 's going on with your friend Abernathy ? Date Amount April 2009 - March 2010 April 2010 - March 2011 April 2011 - October 2011 Total Maximum aid intensity : The aid intensity for technical assistance measure will be up to 100 % according to Article 15 of Commission Regulation 1857/2006 . Maximum aid intensity for works will be up to 100 % where aid is granted for the conservation of non - productive heritage features in accordance with Article 5(2 ) . The maximum contribution rate will , however , be reduced in line with the rates set out in Article 5(3 ) of Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1857/2006 where the heritage element is productive . date of implementation : Article 79 Non - public hearing 1 . For serious reasons related in particular to the security of Member States or the protection of minors , the Court of Justice may decide that the hearing shall be held in camera .
R593	In the application of the EC Treaty and the Euratom Treaty , the basic act is a legal act adopted by the legislator and may take the form of a regulation , a directive or a decision within the meaning of Article 249 of the EC Treaty or a decision sui generis [ 14 ] . > 30 kW and ≤ 70 kW : 67 dB. The reference values set out in points 1 to 4 do not necessarily mean that a combination of these values can be achieved for one heater . EN Official Journal of the European Union L 239/162 COMMISSION REGULATION ( EU ) No 814/2013 of 2 August 2013 implementing Directive 2009/125/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to ecodesign requirements for water heaters and hot water storage tanks ( Text with EEA relevance ) Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , Having regard to Directive 2009/125/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 October 2009 establishing a framework for the setting of ecodesign requirements for energy - related products ( 1 ) , and in particular Article 15(1 ) thereof , After consulting the Ecodesign Consultation Forum , Whereas :
R594	The environmental aspects of water heaters , which are considered significant for the purposes of this Regulation , are energy consumption in the use phase and ( for heat pump water heaters ) the sound power level . In addition , for water heaters using fossil fuels , emissions of nitrogen oxides , carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons are also included among significant environmental aspects . A significant environmental aspect of hot water storage tanks is energy consumption related to static losses . It is not advisable to set ecodesign requirements for emissions of carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons since no suitable European measurement methods are yet available . In order to develop such measurement methods , the Commission has mandated the European standardisation organisations to consider ecodesign requirements for this type of emissions during the review of this Regulation . National legislation on ecodesign requirements for emissions of carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons from water heaters may be maintained until the corresponding Union ecodesign requirements enter into force . VIZ STAL further claimed that a comparison of HRT prices with energy prices , in particular natural gas , would be inappropriate as the main raw material used by VIZ STAL was coal . generally , VIZ STAL contested any link between the evolution of energy prices and the prices of steel products .
R595	As regards energy prices , it should be noted that the supplier VIZ STAL did not submit a questionnaire reply and was not investigated during this investigation . VIZ STAL did not provide any evidence supporting its claim . Consequently , the current investigation could not confirm that the supplier of VIZ STAL was indeed using coal as the main input for the production of HRT . Evidently VIZ STAL did not provide any evidence that fluctuations in energy and steel prices were unrelated . Thus , it can reasonably be expected that fluctuations in energy prices would have an impact on HRT prices under normal conditions of the free market . In view of the above , the reported HRT prices were not considered to be reliable . HRT costs had therefore to be adjusted . for this applicant , on the basis of the costs of other producers or exporters in the same country or , where such information was not available or could not be used , on any other reasonable basis . As mentioned in recitals ( 24 ) to ( 31 ) above , the costs , including the costs of the other known HRT producer in Russia , could not be established . That 's good . I got you . Everybody can go fuck themselves ! your unique source from the scandalous lives of Manhatton 's elite . It 's time to hand Gossip Girl the relay . but I know the business . The risk is always .
R596	and I do n't see a chance that it can turn around . In my trucks ? Half a ton , without attracting attention . half a ton ? To have half a ton , mate , I would n't be stuck here right now . Whatever you want to move , my trucks are for the job . It 's complicated , but it 's worth it , because we find out that the field is constant . Here we go . I 'll write about it , Jack . that you ca n't go out with him ? That 's what they say . He 's like my own son . Come on , Jack . You have to promise not to write about it . All right . But you owe me one . There 's nothing for free , darling . Do you know what I 'm gon na write ? en 60335 - 2 - 61 : 1996 and its amendment Note 2.1 Cenelec EN 60335 - 2 - 62 : 1997 Safety of household and similar electrical appliances - Part 2 - 62 : But Duval said it was n't a problem . he said he 'd fix it . Do n't leave town without telling us , okay ? I could see Redgrave killing Theissens when he was afraid to go to jail .
R597	The GPS from Liu 's phone points to a warehouse in Oakland . I 'll call you later . I love you , too . Yeah . GPS says it 's there . Gallery - > recording 2007 - > Foto 51 | Download photo in original size more than a few hearts cheer when the tree of gift reveals itself . he 's a school psychologist . It 's his job . I do n't care who he is . Someone threw up in there ! We 're not stealing any tests . We 're not dead . He ... he sleeps . What are you doing ? my love . He panicked . You think you can help me down ... I 'm a little afraid of heights . You help yourself ! You destroy the roof of my school ! It was n't me . I 'm lying with the flu . We have long since forgotten all that misery . dreams and joy , and so much more . But your gentleness , the Truthful Heart , is a comfort to me . Our true hearts are a comfort to me . Yes , you have energy and power . She always gave me a helping hand . sometimes even an auxiliary kick . dreams and joy , and so much more . Our true true hearts are a comfort to us . we have to bury them elsewhere . Your work is so demanding .
R598	Should n't we be security ? If we arrest the Feinberg , he has to stay here , right ? he ca n't just get up and leave . Just overnight , until his arraignment . What are we arresting him for ? Yes ? Edward Feinberg ? Yes . Special Agent Cho , FBl . You 're under arrest , sir . Not so much . You did n't like Uncle Lucas ? What are you thinking ? So what 's going on , Skills ? Yeah , what 's up , Ski - i - lls ? Well , Mr. Fields , you 've come a long way . it almost looks like you 're starting to like " les misérables . " You told me to read the book , and I read it . I 've also noticed how you 're doing with Jamie and Nathan . applicable law - General information | Community law - General information » When I lost my dad , I just wanted to see him one more time . I could use five minutes , one more good night 's kiss . Your wish has come true . Ems . Look . Transferring to Chief Edward Alvarez . In his first statement , Mr. Clarke announced that he was imprisoned by Conrad Grayson for 10 years and tortured . After 20 years of suffering , David Clarke is finally free . He 's expected to issue a statement within the hour .
R599	I should have killed him myself . Ems , breathe . ( d ) a description of the means of transport for the transport of animals and animal products , their usual routes and places for cleaning and parking . ( b ) movement to , from or within the section ( hereinafter referred to as ' inputs , outputs' ) , such as the movement of persons , commodities , other animals , products of animal origin or other products coming into contact with animals , transport vehicles , equipment , feed , water supply and waste water ; ( c ) the presence of other poultry and other captive birds in the vicinity of the compartment , including density ( e.g. breeding or fattening farms , farms , markets , collection centres , slaughterhouses , zoos ) ; ( d ) environmental risk factors , such as waterways , resting places and wild animals ( including traction routes of wild birds ) , the presence of rodents , the presence of an avian influenza agent in the environment ; ( e ) risk factors and potential routes for the entry and spread of avian influenza within the compartment , in accordance with Community legislation and/or standards and guidelines of the World Organisation for Animal Health ( OIE ) ; Stop the photo shoot ! Ticket ... ticket .. Jack overwhelmed and bound the boy .
R600	When the wedding started , Jimmy managed to thwart Jack 's attempt to murder Arutha by throwing himself up and kicking him . they both fell , but Pug 's spell saved them . But as soon as Jimmy was expelled , he found that Jack 's crossbow bolt had struck Anita . Father Nathan had examined the injured princess , and , after consulting with Father Tully , said that the arrow had been poisoned , and Anita was dying . A special powerful force named Murmandamus saved him from death in exchange for a promise to kill Arutha . Anita had come before her eyes , little time to spare , when the mage Kulgan remembered that in the Ishapian Abbey in Sarth , the port city of the Bitter Sea , they had an extensive library . Pug and Father Nathan , using magic , slowed the flow of time around Anita , giving them a delay to search for a cure . It 's pretty ugly . you have to have disinfectant on it . The same thing happened to Mom when she got tattooed on a mid - life crisis . You were 50 years old ? We 're just gon na see how somebody ignites . Hi , Melanie , it 's me . I left the scene there , but I have n't seen Emmet all day . I think you 're gon na have to tell Alec that you and Emmet broke up . Victoria .
R601	I did , and I 'm done with the movie for her . What ? We thought you handled the situation quite well . I 'll take care of these bugs . Thanks , Essex . Take care of yourself , Marine . Hoo - rah ! It 's your turn , ugly ! Hang on ! No ! So you took the medicine when I was n't looking , huh ? You probably think you 're smart , do n't you , you stupid Marine ? How 's that evolving for you ? Adios . We 're not done yet . you still have something I need . Bayer - intravenous use - Hi . Hello , Bree . Okay . I guess . I guess ? Just say you did . Okay ... Because I know we 're gon na be grown up , and we 're gon na do what we have to do , and we 're gon na do what we 're supposed to do , trust what we want , but ... I want you to be in heaven with me so much , Bree ... so much . and I know you 're getting away from it all . but ... for me , it 's no less truthful , no less de facto than ... this bed ... or my dog , or our friendship . I know it 's true . Just like I know that this is true . I drank poison because of you .
R602	It must be inferred that the European Union legislature did not regard those requirements as formalities for crossing the border . Let 's do it . show that Mel Gibson was wrong . ' supply of goods' means the transfer of the right to dispose of tangible property as owner . However , by mutual agreement of the Parties , such a dispute may be referred to an international arbitration court for binding arbitration in accordance with the applicable rules of international law . unless otherwise agreed , the arbitration rules of UNCITRAL are decisive . Are you making it difficult to make it simpler ? Are n't we gon na leave the puzzles ? I wish for the end , period . I mean , the world is in danger , and we 're gon na save it This is the last time , I 'm telling you . Eurostat data related to the 27 Member States of the Union and were verified by comparison with other sources such as Chinese export statistics , Article 14(6 ) databases and data from cooperating importer / user . DCD consignments from China were imported under two customs procedures . Both the normal customs duty and the anti - dumping duty were obligatory under the normal arrangement . No duties were obligatory under the inward processing regime because the material was used for the production of downstream products which were exported outside the Union .
R603	issued in Liechtenstein since April 2003 Description : EU model of credit card format . I 'd just like to discuss it with my partners . Oh , you do . I did n't want to say anything , but I think he meant Eli Manning , not Peyton Manning . You know what ? Kurt , I think she had a hell of a body , but that accent got her to the top . Yeah , I agree with both of them . What about the deal ? Oh , yeah , yeah , yeah . We should take it . We should take the money and get out of here . He 's got some cool stuff . Take care of this . This is what I do . Hey , hey . You 're the mistake ! Come on ! Come on ! Move ! Go . Quickly , quickly . That 's one of ours . Thank you for coming . Are you gon na spin me on the dance floor ? they probably met on some old woman 's thong lessons . Yeah , well , I 'm happy for Richard . Oh , he 's just bragging . You know what , it does n't matter . This is the happiest day of my life . so to remove it from Bilbringi would need more people than we can spare . " but we can not simply ignore an attack of that magnitude . "
R604	" And when we answer them , it will be the greatest advantage of the Empire . " " Until then -- " It 's not a good sign for a future banker . to the roof . Come on , Frank . Hurry up ! Come on ! Let go ! I 'm going to introduce you to my report on the need for government policy , the cost - effective use of energy and clean energy resources . Over there ! All right . No . you 're standing on my crotch . Ben looked at the wall clock . Instead he thought of the idyllic times on Ix , the reckless times he had spent with his parents and brother at the Grand Palais of Count Vernius . unnecessary balloon in the brain . As a navigator , he performed higher order calculations and had pleasure in dimensional mathematics . He shifted Heighliners full of passengers and cargo for long distances . and at the same time he felt blocked , dispersed , unable to function . his excellent brain had lost focus in the middle of a complex equation . Why did his mind , the remnant of the lost self , insist on recognizing the man ? The answer came , like a creature from the dark waters of the ocean : Dominic Vernius was an important part of D'murr Pilru 's past . his human history . I want to curve space . and potato chips . Ellis ?
R605	I think he needs some special ones . do you really want to delete the template ' % s ' ? do you really want to delete this attachment ? do you really want to delete this category ? Do you really want to delete this game ? do you really want to delete the selected task ? Are you sure you want to delete this label set ? do you really want to delete this list ? Do you really want to delete this contribution ? do you really want to delete this OpenID ? This is all meat . I ca n't believe it . Are you sure you 're okay , Dr. Hodgins ? Yes . we can get someone else to remove the particles ... I can do it , Cam . Okay . One gunshot wound to the temple . No other signs of violence on the remains . This feels like an admission of guilt to me . Excuse me , officer ... have you found a note yet ? Do you support proposals for auditors of groups of companies ? do you have any other ideas in connection with this matter ? supervisory systems should function in such a way that there is no conflict of interest with the audit profession . The existing rules should be strengthened to ensure the full independence of the public oversight systems in all Member States with the audit profession .
R606	Now you need to protect yourself from yourself . You know what 's right . But you let these people push you because you want them to accept you . Let them love you for who you are , not for what they want you to be . Why ? Because my reaction to the fact that it 's all like a conspiracy from a Mark Twain novel is n't good enough ? You know very well that you started the whole thing . You could have let it go , but no , you had to drag your mom and dad to a genetic counselor . Well , I 'm sorry I 'm so selfish . I wanted to find out who I was and who my parents were . I did n't expect the answer to be yes . I know I said that , but deep down , I was hoping there was some other explanation . Are these for me ? No , they 're for Gabi , because you 're making me tell her about Josh . You do n't have to tell her about Josh . You ask why ? Why is it great ? All right , calm down , macho . I saw your toothbrush with Pokemon . It 's great because he does n't love him in the first place . He loves you . Yeah , but if we scream , she 'll know . Sorry , sorry .
R607	As long as it 's no longer a secret , we 're not telling her anything . to give someone a temporary paralysis . I refuse to do it . Mr. Fang , you can tell me where the cookie is , okay ? No , no , no , no , no , no , no . What the hell is wrong with you ? But not ... Oh , my God . Oh , my God ! Booze is dark . What ? Stop talking ! The wrong move , honey . You think you can mess with the big Fang ? You 're dead . Oh , my God , is he dead ? dying people , screaming . corpses , flesh and bone . A head separated from the body ... " At this moment , all life is " Look through my eyes " they all come all over but how would a mother feel ? I know , you do n't have to worry . I 'm not afraid , Charlie . What would you like to tell them ? about the waltz in your head ? You have it . Me ? I do n't want you to touch my mother . Go away , or I 'll kill you myself . That 's what I feel for you . Here , Joe . And TAY THERE , said Death .
R608	or you 'll get hurt . also be careful . You know , the bad doctor can kill you . I 'm not gon na kill you , but I can break a few arms and legs . No worries . Get someone to take them . Yasumoto , take care of them . description percent footage device control type Configure ... Browse ... Configure ... You can optimize power using the screen capture profile when you capture the screens . other providers are offered profiles . the information you type when creating or editing a profile , are transmitted over the Internet . When encoding the multichannel sound , use the Windows Media Audio 9 Professional . sound That 's crazy . M_2007329EN.01001201.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 329/12 COMMISSION REGULATION ( EC ) No 1472/2007 of 13 December 2007 derogating for the 2007/2008 marketing year a derogation from Regulation ( EC ) No 1623/2000 laying down detailed rules for the application of Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1493/1999 on the common organisation of the market in wine concerning market mechanisms COMMISSION COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES , Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , Having regard to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1493/1999 of 17 May 1999 on the common organisation of the market in wine ( 1 ) , and in particular Article 33 thereof , Whereas :
R609	( 2 ) Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1623/2000 ( 2 ) lays down detailed rules for that obligation to distil and , in Article 49 , also certain possibilities for derogations , in particular for small producers producing less than 80 hl per annum , the possibility to replace it with the obligation to withdraw by - products under control . To remedy this situation , it would therefore be appropriate to allow Member States to exempt additional categories of producers from the obligation to distil by - products of winemaking . In order to allow for the application of this derogation throughout the marketing year , the Regulation should apply from 1 August 2007 . they could be too easily enlarged into interpersonal relationships . a crescent of this enormous moon dominated the sky overhead , and the area not illuminated by Lucifer was so brightly lit by the far more distant sun that every detail of its surface was visible . Poole needed no optical aids to detect the area of contemplation on the ice of the still - bound coast of the Galilee Sea , not far from the remains of the first spacecraft that had ever landed on this body . Though Europs had long since extracted all the metal components , the unfortunate Chinese spacecraft still served as a monument to its crew ; and it was only fair that the only city in this world - so alien to all human ideas - was named Tsienville .
R610	It 's cold . Sure . It 's warm . Please . Not that . He 's not doing well . So you 're pregnant ? Yeah , first time . Yeah , we 're on Salt Valley Road . It 's about 200 miles east of Victorville . I do n't have any Salt Valley ... Excuse me ? it 's not in the database . Is that definitely right ? I ... she heard a deep , slow breathing . " When he yawns , the children chuckle , " Hassler said . Your muscular friend is watching us like a hawk . I hope he did n't make you do this ? " " No ! Oh , no , I want to . " " He 's got his back to us , " Dr. Warfield said . " He 's asleep about a meter from you , on the workbench at chest height . Good morning , Stan . Mom , will you give me $ 8 for the cinema ? To a movie ? It 's a great movie from Canada ! Okay , but come back by dinner . Thanks , Mom . The boy as a picture , worthy of Jesus , would smile with the crown of thorns . Thank God we live in this quiet redneck mountain town . Dude , wake up ! Kenny , come on ! The Terrance and Phillip movie is opening today .
R611	In a year and a half , you 've come to a dream . For a second , I thought I 'd really achieved what I 'd always wanted , but I was never really happy . I could n't figure out what it was for a long time . I just knew I was missing something . And a few days ago , I realized what it was . Just a little mix of people , you know . a few Chinese Communists . I see all of them here . But right now , I do n't know how to do that . It 's okay . How often do I have to tell you I 'm good at this place ? The little green man jumped away . Skaar 's gamma generige got him through the portal ... the cannon can get Annihulus here . Ooh , I get it . an old trick with the Trojan Horse . Annihilus had us capture Skaar because he knew he was here to find the gamma technique and open the door . Thanks to us , Earth is over . We 'll go after him . Stay here . But I can help . Help yourself and stay here . Do n't worry about me , bro . I 'm not some helpless creature that 's supposed to be locked in a tank . You know what ?
R612	In the case of a decision taken under Article 11(3 ) of Regulation No 139/2004 , by which the Commission requests the correction of the information communicated by the notifying party which prove to be incorrect , it should be noted that , since the duration of the suspension of the time - limits laid down in Article 10 of Regulation No 139/2004 , as a result of the adoption of such a decision , depends on the date on which the necessary information is communicated , the Commission does not infringe the principle of proportionality by suspending the proceedings until such time as the proceedings are brought to an end . such information is disclosed . In addition , no new information is available suggesting any new risk associated with the use of colistin in calves and lambs associated with a lack of effect or resistance that would be relevant to human or animal health . In the submitted periodic safety update reports , there was no lack of efficacy in the proposed indications in calves and lambs . Therefore , the benefit - risk balance for colistin given in the treatment of gastrointestinal infections caused by non - invasive E. coli in calves and lambs at the recommended dose of 100,000 IU per kg bodyweight daily is considered favourable .
R613	On the other hand , the CVMP considered that the absence of any data or arguments from the applicants / marketing authorisation holders in support of the claim ' . . . for the treatment of gastrointestinal infections caused by Salmonella spp . " may pose a risk to public and animal health , as treatment could cause the detection of bacteria to be difficult to detect without the infection / colonisation being completely eradicated . Complete or partial inefficiencies may lead to persistence of zoonotic organisms in treated animals ( and in the environment ) and result in delays in the effective eradication of Salmonella infection due to treatment failure . Therefore , the benefit - risk balance for colistin given in the treatment of gastrointestinal infections caused by Salmonella spp . of calves , lambs , pigs and poultry was considered unfavourable . No residue data were available for lambs and poultry species other than chickens . The withdrawal periods set out in the current SPCs for these species are 7 days . Given the residues submitted to justify the withdrawal periods for calves , pigs and chickens and the well - known fact that the substance is poorly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract , the Committee considered that the same withdrawal period of one day could be recommended for these species . Where are you ? Why are you doing this to me ? ! You son of a bitch ! What 's she doing here ?
R614	during the first five years , they provided their services on an incomplete single - colour polygraph machine in format B3 . In view of the significant constraints in the performance and quality of printing , the firm provided only simple services to individual or corporate customers . contracts for firms related more to the printing of labels . The findings of the Court of First Instance 196 By this plea , the applicant submits , in essence , that the contested provisions are not sufficiently clear and precise , thus entailing a significant financial cost for the applicant , which means that the applicant can not plan its economic decisions . In this context , the Community legislature should have adjusted , on the one hand , a cap or a mechanism for controlling the prices of emission allowances and , on the other , a specific rule guaranteeing the cross - border transfer of allowances between different facilities within the same group of undertakings . 197 In so far as the applicant reiterates , in the second part , its arguments relating to the alleged infringement of the freedom of establishment , it follows from the considerations set out in paragraphs 172 to 188 above that that argument can not succeed with regard to the alleged sufficiently serious breach of the principle of legal certainty . The second part of this plea must therefore be rejected as unfounded .
R615	Having regard to the facts set out in paragraphs 174 to 180 above , the Community legislature was not required to adopt specific provisions in that regard , thus limiting the discretion of the Member States as regards the implementation of the contested directive . Except , " all of you , get out of here " ? Prison Guard ? Rockett dancer ? kangaroo ? Yes , an athlete , maybe a football player . Footballers wear shoes . The man 's thumb would have been so deformed , if only he 'd kicked his barefoot . Again , I vote for a kangaroo . What 's next , Spencer ? Are they in danger ? Are they still alive ? Damn it . Our older unsub must have a criminal history . The M.O. is too specific to make up until now . I 'll be like lightning . Okay , thank you , Garcia . His name is Jose Aguilar . In Orlando , he was kicked out of two schools for bullying . but that 's not why I want to question him . He refused to officially report it . Keep me posted . Jose , my boy , it 's great you came . Unless otherwise specified , the provisions in force concerning customs duties shall apply . Article 3 This Regulation shall enter into force on the day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union .
R616	This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in the Member States in accordance with the Treaties . Done at Brussels , 16 December 2014 . 68In addition , even if the mere possession of a uniform visa does not authorise an entry under Article 30 of the Visa Code , the attainment of the objective of facilitating legitimate travel referred to in recital 3 in the preamble to the Visa Code would be jeopardised if the Member States were at liberty to decide to refuse access to a third - country national who was granted a uniform visa by adding the conditions for entry to the conditions set out in Article 5(1 ) . The Schengen Borders Code , although the EU legislature did not consider that such a condition should be met for entry into the territory of the Member States ( see , by analogy , Koushkaki , EU : C:2013:862 , paragraph 52 ) . 69 It follows that a Member State has no discretion allowing it to refuse entry by a third - country national into its territory on the basis of conditions not provided for by the Schengen Borders Code .
R617	This is the first publication CEN EN ISO 28927 - 11:2011 Hand - held portable power tools - Test methods for evaluation of vibration emission - Part 11 : Stone hammers ( ISO 28927 - 11:2011 ) EN 30326 - 1:1994 vibration - Laboratory method for evaluating vehicle seat vibration - Part 1 : Basic requirements ( ISO 10326 - 1:1992 ) Where 'd you find them ? The tapes were in a locked box under a pile of old Ralph Lauren covers ... Durrell , from now on , when something is locked in a box ... under a pile of old covers , that means it 's private . Okay . Can we go to school now ? I mean , the board . Get dressed , go . That went well . Yeah , baby ! I was supposed to go to my parents ' , but my mom , thanks to God , she got staph . Yeah , well , a couple of us are going to Doc 's after work . With Doc Hannigan ? That 's because it 's the closest , and they have jars . Sorry , I did n't mean ... Yeah . Look , listen to this . But he 's been divorced for two years . What 's going on ? It 's okay , it 's good . and today we are under attack again . The king spoke to you from his soul .
R618	was ambushed , stabbed , and left to die as a victim of a brutal attack from an unknown assailant . Today , while the King struggles for his life , I will speak to you once more of the love of the family and the nation . The days and weeks to come will be emotional and demanding , but I have reason to believe that your strong and compassionate king will recover . The referendum for abolishing the monarchy is still waiting for his signature , and when he is well , if your king desires it , and if people want it , the referendum will be signed and handed over to you . Our family remains united and determined , and we will lead it together , with the support and consolation of our broader family . If the limit is exceeded during the test , it is necessary to verify that the excess has been caused by EMF and not by disturbances in the surrounding area including EMP radiation . 4.4 . Reported values Maximum readings relative to the limit ( horizontal / vertical polarisation ) for each of the 13 frequency bands shall be considered as the characteristic data on the frequency at which the measurements were made . Annex 9 Method(s ) of testing of the resistance of electrical / electronic sub - assemblies to electromagnetic radiation 1 .
R619	What 's the point of this going slow ? when it 's right , it 's right . and it 's right , right ? right . Hey , I 'm done with the beans . Can I have some dessert ? He was interrupted by a flash and a rifle shot . sparks flew around the place where Heyward was still looking at him in astonishment and admiration . he saw that Chingachgook had disappeared . The scout aimed his rifle , ready to fire , and waited impatiently for the enemy to appear . but it seemed that this single and fruitless attempt to kill Chingachgook was over . What kind of fool are you ? You want to fuck with me ? I was worried . you must be hungry . You can eat now and we 'll talk later . It hurts . So whenever it rained , he ran from the orphanage . Jin - sung . Jin - sung . Jin - sung . It 's so weird . SPECIAL STORAGE CONDITIONS excipients : sorbitol ( E420 ) , histidine , histidine hydrochloride monohydrate , polysorbate 80 , water for injections . and then disagree with the level of social additional costs calculated by Belgium .
R620	Contrary to Belgium 's contention , the fact that IFB had a net asset ( the value of the liquidated assets less the amount of recoverable liabilities ) negative does not mean that , in the event of bankruptcy , SNCB would have had to pay the relevant remaining liability . In fact , the commission recalls that , in principle , a company such as IFB is responsible for its obligations to its own corporate assets . shareholders' liability for the liability of the company does not normally exceed the company 's share capital and does not affect the own assets of the individual shareholders' assets . It is only in exceptional cases and under very strict conditions that certain national provisions provide for the possibility for third parties to have recourse to shareholders ( 46 ) . Thus , under the assumption of IFB 's bankruptcy , SNCB would have lost its share capital , but it would not have had to pay the other creditors of IFB . date of birth : approximately 1968 . Place of birth : Keshim district , Badakhshan province , Afghanistan . I 'll take this upstairs first . I 'll meet you . Look , whoever did this , they 're not going anywhere . We 'll find them . Yeah . Who 's not sick yet ? We did n't ask Rick . He wants to stay here with Carl and Little Bitch . I heard about Karen ... No . Hell , yeah .
R621	Not one . I suppose you did n't have a chance . Your mother should have taken you into town so you could see the old masters . No , Judi , I have to get out of this dating wheel . For the next six months , I think I 'm gon na have no men and no sex . You know , if you count the elapsed time , you only have a week . Guess who met the perfect guy at the gym ? Peter , what do you think 's gon na happen ? Because if it is , it 's sad . This evening ca n't even be more perfect . ... a beautiful woman , a high - quality paulliac ... ... and I got a quick babysitter for a cat . I have an old dog from a shelter . Peter did n't want her . what do you want to do ? Something ! acquaintances call me Puppet . I 'm a deputy manager . This month , he 's been drowning out of all the training exercises . of twenty - three ! in your school ? ! Mr. Murney , thank you for watching my chair . I understand . I was just informing our new friend here of the duties of Deputy Director . There were some new leads . It is essentially irrelevant to what extent the installation contributes to the ( threatening ) overrun of the national emission ceilings .
R622	In view of the need for authorisation under the IPPC Directive , it must be considered that the emissions derived from it have the necessary weight in order to hinder the authorisation ( 57 ) if the emission ceilings are already exceeded without the ( contested ) equipment . Then I just closed the door and went . Final . I 'm burning the gas , baby . what have we got ? That 's a change . that you 're not ashamed . Thanks . How 'd it go today ? Really ? Moreover , that distinction is not provided for in Article 81(3 ) EC , which allows the exemption of agreements giving rise to efficiencies , without differentiating according to whether that effect is direct or indirect , and , in principle , can not be distinguished where the Treaty does not distinguish ( judgment in Consten and Grundig v Commission ) . Do n't ever talk to me like that again . While we were busy with our worries , they were watching and learning , just as people are exploring under a microscope that lives and multiplies in a drop of water . and , like them , people have multiplied all over the world . with the certainty of domination over this world . I need you to come back at 4:00 , not the 12th . Fedeska 's in the hospital . I have to find a replacement for you . Help yourself .
R623	What have I done ? Could you page Dr. Shepherd one more time ? Sir , you know how I said I wanted to do Gunther today ? I sent you an e - mail with new criteria for admission to my clinical research . Hi . I see you 're talking to the director of the member club . Does that mean you 're ... ? We just signed the papers . Wow . Yeah , it used to be more relaxing . We 're having lunch with the senator and his wife , so if you 'll excuse us . It would be nice if you 'd put me in a membership , but that 's really not my thing . You want to get your job back at the designer studio , do n't you ? Yeah . potential customers are everywhere . Plus , it 's another place where we can hang out with the girls . Having an actual alcoholic strength by volume exceeding 18 % vol but not exceeding 22 % vol : 13,1 € /hl . Delete all comments from this author in the current document . Delete all comments in the current document . Delete spaces and tabs at the beginning and end of line cascade deletion Removes cells ( as Edit - Delete Cells ) Delete Data deletion settings Delete spaces and tabs at beginning and end of paragraph Delete text at the beginning of sentence Delete text to end of sentence
R624	Delete text from beginning of word Delete text to start of word Subject : Charges by Sergei Lavrov on the address of the Eastern Partnership Answer from the Council ( 14 March 2011 ) Come on ! They passed an old woman carrying two plastic grocery bags that walked calmly across the roadblock . as the convoy approached , she put both bags on the ground , put her fingers in her ears , and moved on . a few minutes later , as they rode in the opposite direction , they saw that woman again . She had her bags again . She put them up , put her fingers in her ears , and walked on as before . The Somalis were waiting for them at every intersection , on either side of the street , and they were firing at every wagon that ran . as the men were on both sides of the street , some of the salvos that passed the wagons must have hit the men on the other side . What a strategy ! He felt that these people were n't looking back at their own lives ! they did n't care about them at all . The city was shredded by a block from the block . there was no safe place . The air was boiling with a fragrant piece of hot metal . And from Fez , the fabulous place on 85th Street on Broadway , became a bank .
R625	Second part those words First part ' is convinced of ... cross - border scenarires' Second part ' notes that ... Member States' Third part ' further ... analysis' the security applicants shall immediately be informed in writing of the reasons for the attachment and of the procedures for challenging the detention order under national law and of the possibility of applying for free legal assistance and representation , in a language which they understand or can reasonably be expected to understand . Okay , I ca n't help you with that . Oh , I think you can do Big Tuna . Tell me about the Indian girl , Kelly . He 's dating Ryan , I think . It should be noted that many medicinal products ( 155 ) containing chlorsulon , closantel , nitroxinil , rafoxanide or triclabendazole are combined products containing other active substances . For 35 of these combinations a MRL has also been established for the second active substance and for 120 products the MRL for the second active substance has not been established for the second active substance . Although the conclusions set out in the above table cover the flukicidal substance in the product , they may not cover the other active substance . In order to determine the overall suitability of the product information with regard to its use in dairy animals , the second active substance should also be taken into account .
R626	Since the scope of the current review was limited to the assessment of the flukicidal substances , the reduction of the content of the other active substance has not been assessed and therefore it can not be ascertained whether the above - mentioned tolerances are also sufficient to reduce the residues of the second active substance to safe levels . Back off , sailor . What the ... ? ( Text with EEA relevance ) Oh . It 's so weird when people have kids , and then they just keep saying ... " I 've been so focused on myself , and now I 'm not , " it 's just not like that . It 's still you . It 's half of you . It 's mini - you . I mean , you made it . I forgot to eat today . The only time you hear the phrase " I 'm not here to make new friends " is a reality show . Sorry . It 's okay . I 'm so sorry . I 'm sorry . ( d ) judicial winding - up ; ( e ) temporary or permanent closure of establishments which have been used for the commission of the offence . Allow to boil for five minutes and cool .
R627	I should have reminded you of Adirin 's apartment . you can go see it . Okay , I 'll be right there . Hello ? Who 's there ? Hello , Mollari . You disappoint me , Mollari . I do n't know how you did it . My Lord Refa is no longer responding to me . You somehow persuaded your government to withdraw the campaign ... ... against the worlds in the Gulf Space Space . I may have said a little bit of that word here and there . Something about weakening our defense by trivial border battles . Yes , I know . And what I do here is mine . I know you have to be ready to die to do this job . But I just do n't want to fight ... ... and get out there so I can meet something I do n't understand . put your soul at stake as a man . Yes , sir , I just got here . I 'll let you go . Yes , sir , I have it under control . What ? I need you to get out of the car , sir . What 's that for ? Do n't move . Drag onto the page . Air suction mouth fluid flow swivel connection Drag onto the page . right - click to show one connection . variable arrow Drag onto the page . right - click to change angle . curved arrow
R628	Drag onto the page . Right - click to change arrows . Drag onto the page . Right - click to change arrows or to set pneumatic devices . There is also an opening to Kopic 's farm or visit to the castle of Valdštejn . In the plenary session of 15 January 2008 , the European Parliament adopted 45 amendments to the Commission 's proposal . The Council common position takes into account changes in the Commission proposal ( see below in point 2(a ) ) by incorporating a significant number of changes : either verbatim ( European Parliament amendments 8 , 10 , 11 , 45 ) ; or with similar wording ( European Parliament amendments 1 , 2 , 3 , 15 , 23 , 28 , 29 ) . However , a significant part of the changes are not taken into account in the common position , since the Council considers that they are : either redundant , since they have already been taken into account in other instruments adopted after the European Parliament adopted its position ; or have been taken into account in another part of the text , since the original Commission proposal has been redrafted in the common position .
R629	I fell off my bike . Did you come on a bicycle ? I fell . Come on . Pleas in law and main arguments The applicant submitted an offer for a contract of work for the monitoring system for the implementation of external cooperation projects and programmes financed by the European Community - Item 2 relating to the AKP , South Africa and Cuba published on 26 May 2004 ( 1 ) . By decision of 18 November 2004 , the Commission rejected the tender by decision of 18 November 2004 between the applicant 's financial and technical offer as regards the required number of man - made . The applicant further submits that the Commission should have sought to clarify the alleged contradiction and , by failing to do so before rejecting the applicant 's tender , acted disproportionately and , by failing to carry out an in - depth review , infringed its duty of care . ( 1 ) OJ L 102 - 081573 . ( 2005/C 6/91 ) Just Like Mona the Air I Breath Ocean 's Thirteen filmography Lily Anne Lonergan is super hot and super crazy . It 's a dream combination of every man . Zoe , I have a solution . We need to talk . in private . If necessary , the Chairman of the Health Commission , which is you before Brick gets back , has the power to use the medical quarantine . This is all because of your commercial .
R630	It 's because of you , because of me , because of all of us . For 48 hours , no one gets out or in . No one who could be out of town with his cool chick , but a whacked - out ex - girlfriend ? The requirements apply throughout the year . a commitment of daily flights applies in both directions . Frequencies : 2 daily return services Monday - Friday and minimum three return services Saturday - Sunday combined . In both directions at least 350 seats shall be offered Monday - Friday combined and at least 90 seats Saturday - Sunday combined . route : The required flights shall be secured through flights with a maximum of one intermediate stop . flight schedules : In addition , the following applies to the required flights on Monday - Friday ( local times ) : First arrival in Bodø shall be no later than 10.00 hrs and last departure from Bodø no earlier than 18.30 hrs . Last update : 02 - 05 - 2006 Okay , Paul , shall we ? how far do you think it is ? And Kathy , what are you doing ? Mary 's coming now . Yes , I 'm sorry . My bad . I do n't have all night . six steps . Let 's try to take it a little more seriously . Fujiko is clean . poor Felicity .
R631	I 'll never be able to tell her , but when I remember how we were mating like a weasel in a hay or under musty blankets , my skin itchy . Now I know how to do better . I could teach her now , but would she care ? And how could we ever get cleaned up , how we could stay clean , just live ? A home is dirt on the dirt , but I have a woman there , I have children , and I belong there . " Do n't think about that home , Anjin - san , " Mariko told him once when the heavy gloom came to him . ' You have a real home here - the other one is an infinite bar of time from here . The reality is here . if you try to reach the wa and come out of such impossible things , you 'll go mad . Believe me , if you really want to find peace , you must learn to drink from an empty cup . " " Think of the fact that there is a warm , pale green drink of the Gods . Yeah . You should have more . How many women do you have ? I can only have one . Well , find another ambulance ! Why ca n't you call another ambulance ? and you know we do n't have another one . How come you do n't have another ?
R632	The dummy that beat us in the market a few weeks ago . Soldier . You 're in action . You son - of - a - bitch . That 's ridiculous . Hey , you . Well , finally . Do you realize how long I 've been waiting ? The public must not believe we have two of these lunatics in town . This is a direct order from your commander . and do n't try to trace our call . You 'll never get past encryption . There 's a ventilation shaft on the corner of O'Neil and Adams . What you 're looking for , you 'll find there . sewing on me would be a mistake , Detective . I 'm giving up everything I believe in because I 'm not gon na get that son of a bitch . You have until Christmas . Your friend Lance gave you a Christmas present . Like being a Grimm . Wow . I 'm sorry , I 'm just trying to figure this out . Dude , come on . It 's a big decision . You know , I just do n't want Juliette to have to worry about something bad happening to me or one of our friends . And ? and the thought of ... I mean , packing up , moving someplace else , creating a family-- it 's pretty attractive . Look , buddy , if that 's what you want , do it .
R633	The problem is ... I like being a Grimm , Monroe . Are you serious ? Silence ! proof ! Attack ! Well , sir , it looks like the Japanese and EuroAmerican forces are planning a sneak attack on the northern front . Have the " X - X - X " take care of them . Sir , the Germans are coming ! Maybe a good doctor has something up his sleeve . Release specimens 1 through 6 ! Are you crazy ? ! You kill all our ground forces ! We have no choice ! Ball . Ball ! Third ball . Is Yoshida trying to avoid Soo ? KANO fans are now demanding a home run . the fourth Yoshida pitch . Ball ! Yeah ! Four piles ! The bases are full ! This is a chance for KANO ! The Yoshida appears to be intimidated ... by a threat from the strong hitters of the rival . Jesus . This guy 's a psychopath . What do we get for $ 10 ? Nancy Reagan turned out to be a sex addict named Howie Stein . My name is Howie , and I 'm a nymphomaniac in rehab . Hey , Howie . So , if 2 Live Crew taught us anything , it 's that horniness is out of control in today 's company .
R634	A key activity under this objective is to develop a proposal for the revision of the Professional Qualifications Directive with a view to significantly simplifying and modernising the process , including the introduction and use of the European Professional Card . The general objective of this measure is to speed up and increase the number of decisions on applications for recognition of professional qualifications . the primary / integrated industry ( a ) The main activities : - the processing plant prepares the Log Balance - Sheet report , - the district forestry official physically verifies the logs , - the official will finalise the Log Transport Document , - the plant will prepare an overview sheet on the raw material and the products , - the plant will prepare a processed timber balance report , - the plant will fill in a document for the transport of timber products in the format format by the Ministry of Forestry , - the plant will prepare a sales report . and it was n't enough , right after that , and took all the possible blood samples , they 've made all sorts of tests , and they 've found out all my values , so the doctors can use it again . I beat the world record and I wanted to to make sure it 's legitimate . and as I get out of the Apple store , a boy comes to me ,
R635	The boy says , " If he really held his breath for so long , How come you got out of the water dry ? " and I said , " What ? " ( Laughter ) Without prejudice to the exercise of its rights vis - à - vis third parties and with the exception of paragraph 3 , each Member State shall refrain , in the case referred to in paragraph 1 , from requesting compensation for any damages caused to it by another Member State . Article 11 Criminal liability of visiting border guards and members of the teams For the duration of joint operations , pilot projects or the location of Rapid Border Intervention Teams , visiting border guards and members of the teams shall be treated as border guards of the host Member State when they are committed or committed against them . You will be charged , condemned , and sent to the surface . What if you 're innocent ? Third plea in law , alleging that , by adopting the contested measure , the Commission infringed the second subparagraph of Article 4(3 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1049/2001 , since the requested documents do not have a status of opinion and are therefore not covered by the exception provided for in the second subparagraph of Article 4(3 ) of the Regulation .
R636	So ... How do you feel , doc ? I want to get out of here . Yes . What ? Do you think ... I think you 're feeling worse , or ... You know what ? He really did n't have a lot of time to think about it . Man . I swear I wo n't be in your way , but I 'll stay here . You have volunteers here , do n't you ? I 'm one of them . Okay . All hands to your posts . Stand over here . Yes , Doctor . Number two , Sister Crawley here . Yes , right here . Grab his legs . Cousin Matthew ? Tell me where he is . Help me . Help me ! Nancy ! Drop it ! You untied him ? That was close . I want to show you something . He 'll say soon enough . There 's no light . He barely sits there . He 's talking to him this way . Here 's a picture if we feel sorry for him . Hi , Bernie . Carl . You have food on the trays . Too bad we 've already eaten . Fine . He stays for lunch tomorrow . I 'm a nice woman . Okay ? in fact , everyone always says , " Lois , why are you so kind ? " but we have rules . Okay ?
R637	Erlbacher , Agent ) ( 19 ) Natural England Formal Recommendations : www.naturalengland.org.uk/ourwork/marine/mpa/ems/submitted . Commission published several notifications of open competitions in the Official Journal of the European Communities for the period from 11 April 2001 to 18 June 2002 in order to establish lists of candidates suitable for recruitment as administrators in Grade A7/A6 ( COM / A/6/01 , COM / A/9/01 , COM / A/10/01 , COM / A/1/02 , COM / A/1/02 , COM / A/1/02 , COM / A/1/02 /A/3/02 and CC / A/12/02 ) , auxiliary administrators of grade A8 ( competition COM / A/2/02 ) and administrative assistants in Grade B5/B4 ( competition COM B/1/02 ) . It is not difficult to answer that question in the affirmative . As already mentioned above , unjust enrichment is regarded from the outset as an exception to the State 's obligation to repay taxes unduly levied and the transfer of taxes has become the most typical prerequisite for unjust enrichment since 1980 . but the exception as such must be strictly interpreted . ( 45 ) If , despite the existence of the passing - on , the price increase leads to the loss of an undertaking 's competitiveness , that situation must be taken into account and it is ultimately possible to exclude the application of the exemption if it is shown that repayment would not lead to unjust enrichment in the circumstances of the case . No , not from a boy . Thanks for coming . I ...
R638	Sir , if it bothers you that I came back to The Paradise ... I ca n't marry Katherine . But when I saw your face today ... ... when I spoke , I ... You know why . Look at me every time I look at you . Yes , I see . I tried to stop it , but I ... I just ca n't do it . When I hear you say that , I can hardly believe it . the ground mobile service ; No 4055/86 of 22 December 1986 applying the principle of freedom to provide services to maritime transport between Member States and between Member States and third countries ( OJ L 378 , 31.12.1986 ) . m_2007076EN.01001801.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 76/18 COMMISSION REGULATION ( EC ) No 277/2007 of 15 March 2007 on tenders lodged under the invitation to tender for the export of common wheat pursuant to Regulation ( EC ) No 936/2006 COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES , Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , Having regard to the Regulation No 1784/2003 of 29 September 2003 on the common organisation of the market in cereals ( 1 ) , and in particular the first subparagraph of Article 13(3 ) thereof , Whereas : An invitation to tender for the refund for the export of common wheat to certain third countries was opened pursuant to Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 936/2006 ( 2 ) .
R639	Hey , Light . Why are you ignoring me ? ! It 's starting to piss me off . Light . ryuuku ... there may be hidden cameras or bugs ... in fact , probably both ... Really ? The European Medicines Agency has waived the obligation to submit the results of studies with imatinib in all subsets of the paediatric population in Philadelphia chromosome ( bcr - abl translocation)-positive chronic myeloid leukaemia ( see section 4.2 for information on paediatric use ) . In order to achieve the objectives set out in Article 4 , the ENTSO for Electricity may draw up network codes in the areas referred to in paragraph 6 where these codes do not concern areas covered by the Commission 's request . These network codes shall be submitted to the Agency , which shall deliver an opinion on them . the ENTSO for Electricity shall take due account of this opinion . The most important serious adverse reactions observed are myocardial infarction / myocardial ischaemia , gastrointestinal perforation , drug - induced hepatitis , haemorrhage and hypertension / hypertensive crisis . The most common adverse drug reactions were diarrhoea , fatigue , alopecia , infection , palm and foot skin reactions ( corresponding to palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome in MedDRA classification ) and rash . The adverse reactions reported in multiple clinical studies and post - marketing experience are listed in Table 1 below by system organ class ( MedDRA ) and frequency .
R640	At this stage , it is too early to assess the sustainability of impacts on the economy and tourism . is mine ? Can I put him in a pawn shop ? Are you serious ? Do what you want with him . Oh , good - bye , Mrs. Pucci . Come here , Mr. Winston . Yeah , all right . I 'll keep them in line , and I 'll send you the financial reports every week . I expect nothing else . Take care of yourself . You too . When Mr. Chance comes back , tell him ... well , I say hi . a little late for shopping , is n't it ? Yeah , I wanted to avoid the lines . And Mr. Chase , the operation costs $ 10,000 . This is Michael and Catherine 's living room . They were arguing about the blanket . Exactly . It broke my heart , but they 're getting back together . Carrie , do you have any pictures of Jennifer in the tub ? What if I told Brad Pitt what you said , Turtle ? He 'd kick your ass . Please . I 'd give Brad Pitt his face . That was computerized , Drama . That 's how Vince is gon na look " Aquaman . " I ... divorced you because I was looking for something else . and I could n't find it .
R641	You made the right decision . We 're stuck on the spot . ... I did n't have the guts to end it . and that does n't make the situation any easier . I just do n't want them to treat me like a crazy granny . No , Dede ! or me . No ! then Edo . " He thinks it 's her . I do n't think so . How can she write " take me in " ? how can someone fall for that kind of talk ? that I would n't be good enough for her ? I 'm angry that I would kill him . but she was different . She must have been different ! when the one you love is completely different with another man , or when she 's the same ? Such a filthy insult ! I just want the truth . The truth is ... ... Tom Mason is a pompous , historical scholar ... ... with the illusion of grandeur . It 's gon na be me ... Yes , sir . I 'm going to see Maggie . Yeah . What the hell are you doing ? Aliens are planning a new offensive . The rebel Skitter sent a kid to take us to a meeting , but Manchester wo n't let us go . I 'll go , and I 'd like you to come with me . I 'm sure that 's a good idea ?
R642	The duration of prior surveillance measures shall be limited . Unless otherwise provided , they shall cease to be valid at the end of the second six - month period following the first six - month period which has elapsed since the measures were introduced . " Article 37 - Reservations 1 Each State or the European Union may , at the time of signature or when depositing its instrument of ratification , acceptance or approval by means of a written notification addressed to the Secretary - General of the Council of Europe , declare that it will use the reservations referred to in Article 19(2 ) and Article 36(1 ) . ( 2 ) The Party which has made a reservation under paragraph 1 may , in whole or in part , withdraw it by means of a notice addressed to the Secretary - General of the Council of Europe . The appeal shall take effect from the date of receipt of the notification to the Secretary - General . Where the notice explains that the withdrawal of a reservation takes effect on the date specified therein , and that date is later than the date on which the notice is received by the Secretary - General , the appeal shall take effect on that later date .
R643	3 The Committee of Ministers shall consider the amendment and any opinions submitted by the Convention Follow - up Committee and may adopt the amendment by the majority laid down in Article 20(d ) . No , sweetie . Do you need help , miss ? Fuck . Come on ! I 'm sure he 's in school , we just have to turn around ... Why do you have to do this to me ? What ? It was a joke . are low - calorie . when he 's gone , maybe I could come by sometime , and ... They 've already eaten their sandwiches . Thank you for coming . No , it was really ... she never felt at home here . But Linda always liked it here . she always wanted to be independent . Especially when Vivien was born . My own punk 's out of it . I 'm the biggest faggot . I 'm the weirdest guy here . ( b ) which operate under conditions which , having regard to the species present , would not necessarily increase the risk of an outbreak of the disease ( medium biomass and medium water quality ) ; Whereas vessels flying the flag of the Member States are fishing for fishery resources in the area of bluefin tuna , it is in the interest of the Union to effectively participate in the implementation of the Convention . I 'm getting on the first floor . Slowly !
R644	Kate , be careful . I 'm down . Oh , my God . I was working right over that place . You all right ? What 's going on ? " All right ? " " All right " is not a word . one ... More ! Come on , boys . Are you from Deep Throat Two ? No , I 'm not in the movie . Dad , Dad , Dad , we have to give her everything she wants to get back the Twin . This is blackmail , honey . A million dollars is a lot of money , and we do n't negotiate with terrorists . Pushing penises 2 ! If this gets out , the election is over . is an election year , Bob . Everybody pays . They 're right , Bob , we should pay . Deep Throat Two can be concealed . Just take it from his bank account . Thank God , I did n't sign it . It 's an emergency exit . the ladder leads to an apartment building behind us . Is there a house behind us ? You 're going with me . I hope you can do it . James , I have to go . there 's a way out . I do n't want to leave you , but we should have waited . I know that . Go . We did it , Miss Hathaway .
R645	has more chocolate for this . The applicant shall demonstrate to the issuing authority or in credibility that the conditions laid down in Article 2(5 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1073/2009 are met . But it 's okay . I know it 's weird , but it does n't make me snappy . You know , you can get different colored straps . And the seat is down for my lady , no more wet landing . Yeah , it 's possible . It 's Mom and Dad 's old bed . Well , they seem fine to me , but my lady evaluated them with the words " small " and " lumpy . " Okay , I 'm looking for something that will be comfortable for two , shall we say , bigger people . Man , there 'll be no one to wake you up in the morning . I think if you buy this mattress of a girl , you 'll both be very happy . I 'm glad , because I 'm so tired of running between my house and yours every night . What do you have in that bundle ? Golf clubs or spare underwear ? The sooner the better . When I go to bed , I put on the headphones , so you can do whatever you want . Oh , yeah , but do n't worry , I 'll wear my pants for breakfast tomorrow .
R646	In the following paragraphs , the EDPS will put forward a number of concrete suggestions in this regard . ( a ) Under Article 61(2 ) , ESMA may request access to telephone records and records of data traffic ' for the purpose of fulfilling the obligations laid down in Articles 51 to 60 , 62 and 63' . These include the whole title of the proposed regulation on the registration and surveillance of trade repositories . According to the EDPS , the circumstances and conditions for the application of such a power should be defined more clearly . The EDPS recommends limiting access to telephone records and data traffic records to specifically identified and serious violations of the proposed regulation and to cases where there is a reasonable suspicion of an infringement of the Regulation ( which should be supported by concrete initial evidence ) . Such a restriction is also particularly important for avoiding the possibility of using access powers for the purpose of operations or data mining ( data mining ) or for other purposes . ( b ) The proposal does not require a prior judicial authorisation to be given by ESMA to apply for access to telephone records and records of data traffic . The EDPS considers that this general requirement would be justified in view of the potential intrusion of the privacy concerned .
R647	At the very least , the EDPS considers it indispensable to impose an obligatory judicial authorisation in all cases where such authorisation is required by national law ( 19 ) . Follow me . I do n't need you to take the gas out , but to get your team in . My team ? Come on . Welcome to Suicide Squad . It is not just the prisoners who make physical punishment more obedient and hardened , but also those who punish or are punished . Please do n't give him any more books . oy and Charles Manson were n't available ? It 's a dangerous operation . if the mission is compromised ... so you just eliminate them . Suicide Squad . Yeah , like he ever sacrificed himself . the young magician raised one eyebrow . " Who should I report ? " " Tell him . . . Baron James of Krondor , and - looked at the twins - " a few of his relatives . " as the raft struck the shore with a thud , a small group was waiting for the company . The wharf was the only sign that there was an entrance to the headquarters of perhaps the strangest community on Midkemia , the Academy of Magicians . How 's everything going ? It 'll be done . I promise . I 'm definitely not gon na let you take this baby . This is not your choice . He 's not your son .
R648	I 'm not sure how I feel about Serena . I just want to clear it up . Our brooding billionaire has become a generous gentleman overnight . but what 's responsible for this transformation ? Did the French fairy , Chuck , touch her magic wand ? ... or just when you 're with an angel , you grow wings , too ? Excuse me , Miss Blair . Bad news ? Can we go someplace where we can be alone ? I did n't know you were so strong . What 's wrong ? From the moment we met , I know you 're not Clark Devlin . Take off the suit now . I wanted to tell you , but I did n't know how . Take off your clothes . Get out ! Take the dress . Calm down I 'm Mr. Devlin 's chauffeur . Dr. Cox , hold on , Bear . How did you know something was bothering him ? You heard it in your voice ? I can feel it radiating from his soul . Like a warm wave . You 're gon na say some joke about how gay that sounds ? Definitely , but I still have to figure it out . Hello , I 'm Dr. Christopher Turk . Mr. Halford , according to Dr. Cox , you need a kidney transplant , and your wife would like to donate . Why do you keep looking over my shoulder ?
R649	It 's like saying he 's the brightest actor in The Hills . It 's not that hard to be the best guy in the Hills . Internet Explorer 6.0 via Windows Update Outlook is unable to delete more than 4000 messages while working with a message repository on the server . To avoid this error , remove less than 4 000 messages in one operation . It is also possible that you do not have the necessary permissions to delete messages . If you need to delete content from a folder owned by someone else , contact the folder owner and ask him to allocate the necessary permissions or remove the contents instead of you . This error may occur if you have not selected a default printer or if an application can not find the existing default printer that you want to use . it is possible that you will be able to remove these problems from one of the following proposed procedures : The Visual Basic for Applications ( VBA ) has encountered a problem while attempting to access a property or method . If you want to restore missing links , read the Microsoft 283806 Knowledge Base article . expression is misspelled . A user - defined function is declared as a subfunction or as a private function in the module . public function in the module public or private function in the code module of the current form or report
R650	Holy shit ! You need proof . You need to prove that it 's the reality that he 's actually there , is n't he ? Antidepressants . I have an enchantment , so ... Please give them back to me . I 'll be right back , Mr. Holloway . Can I get my meds back , please ? I 'm sure Miss Markham will be able to do something about it . Okay , I 'm running on social . You got it . Very . So is this . I was looking at second - hand prices ... in case you were interested . It 's not so bad . but I could get more if I sold you in parts . I just want what 's best for you . I 'd prefer it to be my way . and not just for you . Do you want me to help you to bed ? I can do this alone . Sleep well . Sleep well , Lennart . This report has been prepared in accordance with Article 24 of the Regulation .
R651	Moreover , the application of certain provisions of this Regulation is not fully satisfactory . Adaptations of these provisions should be considered in order to further improve and facilitate the application of the Regulation . See as well Commission Staff Working document ( PDF file 135 KB ) Reference documents Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1348/2000 of 29 May 2000 on the service in the Member States of judicial and extrajudicial documents in civil or commercial matters Manual of receiving agencies Report from the Commission to the Council , the European Parliament and the European Economic and Social Committee on the application of Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1348/2000 on the service of judicial and extrajudicial documents in civil and commercial matters application of Council Regulation 1348/2000 on the service of judicial and extrajudicial documents in civil and commercial matters ( PDF File 2.206 KB ) Proposal for a Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1348/2000 of 29 May 2000 on the service in the Member States of judicial and extrajudicial documents in civil and commercial matters « « service of documents - General information | Community law - General information » Last update : 04 - 10 - 2006 We should have stayed in the air ! But no ! Get ! Will you be happy for her ? like you were for me ? Like you were with Bobby ? They took me . but you volunteered . Fucking athlete !
R652	You were scared , you got up wrong , and you broke your ankle ! Bobby and I came back for you ! I got it for you ! I was lying there in the mud , blood squirting out of my wound , and I heard you ! " Do n't come back , Bobby , Jacknife is dead ! He 's dead ! He 's dead , Bobby ! Jacknife is dead ! " However , under the first subparagraph of Article 69(3 ) of the Rules of Procedure , where each party succeeds on some and fails on other heads , the Court may order that the costs be shared or that the parties bear their own costs . Do not use in cases where diarrhoea has occurred for more than 24 hours and in debilitated animals . The animals should accept enough colostrum in accordance with the right breeding practice . overdose : Since signs of intoxication may occur when twice the treatment dose is administered , the recommended dose should be administered . The signs of intoxication include diarrhoea , the presence of blood in faeces , decreased milk intake , dehydration , apathy and apathy . If clinical signs of overdose occur , immediate administration should be stopped and the animal fed to non - medicated milk or milk substitute . rehydration may be necessary . special precautions to be taken by the person administering the medicinal product to the animals :
R653	Repeated contact with the product may cause skin allergies . In case of skin or eye contact , rinse the area thoroughly with clean water . use protective gloves when handling the product . Wash hands after use . Everybody okay ? Where 's Mike and Karen ? Call air support , SWAT team , all available units . I ca n't lose this witness . Hello , Gordon . that 's " assistant deputy director Gordon . " You think that 's funny ? but , mister , shut your mouth . Watch out for the tone you 're talking to my lady . Stop it . Wait a minute . I know you . ' cross - sectoral operations' means initiatives which are mutually beneficial for different sectors and/or sectoral policies , as set out in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , and which can not be fully achieved through measures included in the relevant policy areas ; ' cross - sectoral operations' means initiatives which are mutually beneficial for different sectors and/or sectoral policies , as set out in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , and which can not be fully achieved through measures included in the relevant policy areas ; " April 27 , 18.17 " Father Beth 's apartment . is out of town . and it 's a good day . Beth ? Nothing . She 's shy . No , you can cover up .
R654	like ? as you . That was close . I always get scared . Shut up , I 've never been there before . Coal beds were separated by sandstone layers or continuous clay belts , as if compressed with strata of the upper . Yes , chef . As you know , the winner of Hell 's Kitchen will be the head chef at Gordon Ramsay Steak in Vegas . and it 's a town where happiness is worth a fortune . What 's behind the curtain ? The vending machine ! Okay . Today we will test you from creativity . and the forbes here determine what you 're gon na cook . one piece of meat and four additional ingredients . I love steak ! Red , you 're six . And I 'll only taste five dishes . Now it 's up to you to decide quickly who 's not gon na play the machine . I like steaks , I 'm good at them . This Decision is a financing decision for the expenditure provided for under the co - financing requirements submitted by the Member States . In accordance with the opinion of the Standing Committee on Plant Health , the measures provided for in this Decision are in accordance with the opinion of the Standing Committee on Plant Health , HAS ADOPTED THIS DECISION :
R655	On the basis of the documentation submitted by the Member States and analysed by the Commission , the granting of the Union financial contribution for 2011 to cover expenditure incurred by Germany , Spain , Italy , Cyprus , Malta , the Netherlands and Portugal relating to the necessary measures referred to in Article 23(2)(a ) , ( b ) and ( c ) of Directive 2000/29/EC and adopted in the context of the fight against the organisms to which are covered by the eradication programmes and the containment programmes listed in the Annex to this Decision . The maximum amount of the Union financial contribution for each of the programmes shall be as set out in the Annex . Where an institution uses only one threshold for each business line , only column 090 shall be filled in . Where different thresholds are used within the same regulatory sector , the maximum applicable threshold shall also be reported ( column 100 ) .
R656	The proposals consist of : a Regulation to introduce accreditation and to strengthen market surveillance and in the sui generis decision to establish a framework for future legislation . The aim of the Regulation is to : - organise accreditation at national and European level , irrespective of the different areas of activity in which accreditation is used . 123 - Paragraph 285 of the judgment under appeal . 124 - There are numerous examples in the history of merger control at Community level of the authorisation decisions which were preceded by a statement of objections . ' W' : reference point W , 50 mm vertically below and 50 mm horizontally from the ' R' point . It has already been said that this provision lays down an obligation on the part of the employer , namely to ensure the safety and health protection of workers . It is necessary to define in particular the content and scope of that obligation , which , as I have already said , is set out in absolute terms . The woodworking and furniture industry considers it essential to guarantee career and employment certainty , to preserve the health and well - being of workers , to develop skills and competences and to achieve a balance between work and life .
R657	6.6 It is important to point out that these sectors have enormous potential to create local green jobs by using renewable raw materials and having low energy consumption , as well as by the fact that production plants are often located in rural areas . I caught the scent of something smaller , delicate beside the scent of my prey , huddled in the bushes beneath the tree . Puma 's tail jerked convulsively as it prepared to jump . I plunged into the air and landed on a branch that the cougar occupied . She felt the trembling of the wood and turned , shouting in surprise and defiance . She scrambled into the space between us , eyes blazing with rage . Half - crazed with thirst , I ignored the exposed fangs and hooked claws and threw myself at her , hurtling both of us onto the forest floor . by the effect her sharp claws had on my skin , they might have been smoothing their fingers . her teeth could n't bite my shoulder or throat . her weight was nothing . My teeth sought out her throat , and her instinctive revulsion was pitifully weak against my strength . My jaw was easily locked through a particular point where the heat flow was concentrated . It tasted strange , but the blood was hot and wet , and despite the eager speed I was drinking , it quieted my railing , burning thirst .
R658	Rule 2 Policy objectives The mandate of the EUSR shall be based on the policy objectives of the Union for the Southern Neighbourhood set out in the declarations of the European Council of 4 February and 11 March 2011 , the conclusions of the European Council of 24 days . No 1605/2002 of 25 June 2002 on the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities ( 2 ) , and in particular Article 185 thereof , having regard to Council Regulation ( EC , Euratom ) ( a ) strengthening the political dialogue of the Union , which will contribute to the partnership and broader relations with the southern Mediterranean countries , in particular those undergoing political reform and democratic transition ; ( b ) contributing to the Union 's response to developments in the southern Mediterranean countries where political reform and the transition to democracy , and in particular by strengthening democracy and institution - building , the rule of law , good governance , observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms , peace and regional cooperation , including the European Neighbourhood Policy and the Union for the Mediterranean ; ( c ) strengthening the effectiveness , presence and visibility of the Union in the region and in relevant international fora ; Article 3 Mandate To achieve the policy objectives , the EUSR shall be given the mandate :
R659	We came here for the war . If we do n't do a story , it 'll all be for nothing . Okay ? All right . You really think this is gon na work ? I 've seen more miracles . Thanks . You know what ? Thanks . you 'll have to go with them or you wo n't get far . The main moves are still closed . the checkpoints are at every other kilometre . You 're amazing ! You know what they say . most of them came from juvenile schools . it 's humiliating work . it 's not effective . You were n't ? but yes . and how . God , I hope it 's loaded . Oh , my God . they 've moved my meeting . It starts in 15 minutes . Look . Look at me . I know you think you 've discovered your new page , but you 're still the same , you 're always controlling them , even if you 're trying to do the opposite . so ... give me your skates . You made me so far away , it 's closer to my office than your car . Take them off ! He just was n't ready for it , but me ? Hello , Phil . It 's okay . You described your mother . What about David ? They broke up . Maggie 's free ? ( b ) the amount of the share capital .
R660	Be glad you 're not that cool . Wait , half as cool as ... how no - super crane was . You understand , right ? All right , all this training is making me hungry . lunch break . Wait , you have n't told us all the secrets . Is n't it ? I think you 'll find he 's finished . Well , Po did n't . is n't it ? one , two , three ... Another lesson . It all started years ago at Bau Gu orphanage . children . it was a happy place . double bed ( to park ) double bed ( north ) " Splendid . " " The will . " That 's it . I 'm finally done . Doing what ? No , no . What do you want ? now we 've moved in . You do n't like it here ? Is that exactly what you want ? Well ... No , it 's not . I just did n't want to admit it first . you think these men are losers . but their women are geese . You 're right . What will you tell him if you see him again ? I 'll yell at him . It 's behind you . That 's enough . He 's really behind you . Hey , what a coincidence . Yeah , you did . Hi ! Long time no see .
R661	noodles are ready . Let me introduce you , You - you , I see , this is ... This zipper really works . This is also a full - function zipper . What do you mean ... What 's down there ? Yep . Hang on . Okay . I 'll see you at work . Okay , bye . Oh . because I 'm a policeman who protects citizens . Here I come ! Here I come ! Hand , we 're not done yet ! you engineer ! Infants whose mothers have taken AIIRAs should be closely observed for hypotension ( see sections 4.3 and 4.4 ) . ... if that 's the case , go to the police . Claire ! Hello ? DUK ! I want to report that someone is following me and my child . Will you tell me what happened ? Someone sent me a children 's book . And ... There are violent pictures of me and my child killing me ! Oh , I burnt it . Yes . also called me on the phone . and what did he say ? No , he was just making ... noises .
R662	jurisdiction to review complaints Complaints regarding the decisions or activities of an administrator shall be examined by the State agency „ Insolvency administration " , which shall ascertain the points of view of the complainant and the administrator , its conformity to laws and shall try to resolve a conflict which has arisen , or reconcile the parties to the conflict . Each creditor has the right to appeal to a court the decision of a creditors' meeting in part of admissibility of a claim of other creditor or rejection of his / her claim . A creditor or a group of creditors may request a court to revoke the decision of a creditors meeting on restoration if such decision has been achieved by fraud or duress , or as a result of a mistake . After the opening of insolvency proceedings , a creditor is prohibited from performing individual actions by which damages can be inflicted upon the interests of the creditors as a whole . property rights acquired by the creditors or third persons as a result of the actions of creditors shall be declared as null and void by a court on the basis of a claim by the administrator , debtor , another creditor or a group of creditors . I 'm nowhere ... the mule squealed in horror , thrusting forward without being mindful of the bound front feet . But she moved too slowly , so that the great white wraith came at a speed of lightning .
R663	I think he has to tell me . Oh , I 'm still a little bit uncomfortable here . Adam : 10 miles later , we hit the majestic coastline of Oregon . To see the vast expanse of the mighty Pacific Ocean had a real impact on me and my bladder . My only hope of winning this problem was to get Rut to the toilet first . Did you see the movie " The river flows through the city " ? How about Kevin Costner in the Water World ? No one saw it . Do you know where the water is the same , like dumping and pouring there , and the steam comes ? If you could imagine you 're dancing on the edge there , let 's say , as in essentially naked , perhaps only in your panties . Not that I imagined , naked . It 's terrible . He 's really terrible . You got goosebumps , there 's dew bits on every little hair follicle . It 's in an Arabic I ca n't read . I do . Really ? Excuse me ? you never told me that . I speak nine languages . I 'd like another drink . No problem . Well , you were talking to your wife , were n't you ? Bingo . Okay . The package is on the move . Risk Management Plan ( RMP ) What ? from my powder ? Over there .
R664	Just because I 'm organizing it , is n't it ? Your time is up , Chris . You ca n't live with the fact that I made the calendar . You know , Chris , what happened was that calendar was made for you . What are you saying ? Where are we ? What about all the letters , Annie ? concentrated tryptophan solution ( 3.2 ) , c = 2,50 μmol / mL : Store at - 18 o C for a maximum of 4 weeks . ( b ) where , in view of the objectives of the supervision of credit institutions , the undertaking concerned has only negligible effect ; Let go of me , you filthy , lying , unfaithful ... ! and how could I betray such a perfect woman ? Is that what you meant by me ? Where are the children ? What ? - The patrols are in the jungle . They went down secretly . Do you think it 's a job ? Dash , do n't forget what Mom said . End of speech ! Stop ! Do n't move ! Dash , run ! What ? When she 's got it , I always tell her . Harold , do you have any other music ? An example of this century ? You know , in the last 10 years , there 's been a lot of fantastic music . for example ? Why do n't you say something about yourself ?
R665	Something about a magnificent journalist . To write briefly so that an honest person can read it in the toilet . I 'm sick of being read in the toilet . They read Dostoyevsky there . but it 's not enough to finish . It 's like old times . I 'm glad I 'm here , but that 's why they 're scaring me . I 'm going to bed . 6MG/1ML Concentrate FOR PREPARATION FOR INFUSION SOLUTION PHARMACEUTICAL FORM PAMIDRONATE DISODIUM / HOSPIRA 9 MG/1 ML Concentrate FOR PREPARATION FOR INFUSION SOLUTION PAMERERA Concentrate FOR PREPARATION FOR INFUSION SOLUTION United Kingdom 's Information System the moon was full , and the carpet of clouds ten thousand feet below him resembled a snow - field . Petacchi extinguished the position lights at the ends of his wings and the hull . This problem is clearly concerned with the transport sector . Me and Terry are gon na be back together ... so why do n't we just keep waiting ? What are you doing ? Carter , slow down . Fuck you ! Fuck it ! not in this fucking car , not with us ! Damn it , Carter ! Carter , stop ! Why worry if he did n't find out ? If I go through the red , I 'll be out of here . It 's not like that ! I did n't miss Francis ! Let me be a matchmaker . Well done . Come in , Mr. Pisanello .
R666	in these conditions , " simultaneous " is an empty word . Ramil looked at him . Michael nodded . and we were on the first expedition to Epsilon Eridani . He saved my life in that sad world . " Ramil took a sip of the glass . " Well , " he went on , " we turned the problem . " " Michael chuckled . " Do you think we have any ? " " You did n't tell me that Ireland was gone , as I knew it . " " At least they left him a bit . a m = months , r = years . Committee of the Regions ' recommendations THE COMMITTEE OF THE REGIONS ( a ) considers it important to identify new instruments to simplify the programme and ensure greater flexibility , to make procedures transparent and to ensure easy access to information for the users of the Programme , for example to assess the possibility of greater decentralisation of organisational structures ; ( b ) considers that , in order for the programme to succeed , there is a need to make greater use of the role of local and regional authorities , enable young people to fully participate in active citizenship , day - to - day political life , voluntary activity and building a sense of reciprocity ;
R667	Regional and local levels are also an ideal environment for the creation of new initiatives , support for youth NGOs and their planning capacity at European level , and for the creation and exchange of best practices ; Results of CONSULTATIONS WITH THE INTERESTED PARTIES AND IMPACT ASSESSMENTS The EU Member States were informed of the draft Council Decision in the Customs Code Committee 's Origin Section on 13 May 2013 . The Contracting Parties to the Convention were last consulted at the meeting of the Pan - Euro - Med Working Group of 22 and 23 October 2014 . there was no need for external expertise . In addition , there was no need to carry out an impact assessment since the proposed amendments are technical in nature and do not cover the substance of the Protocol on rules of origin currently in force . I 'll turn on the engine . Look out ! There 's something out there ! Look out ! I liked Ron , but it hurt so bad . It 's okay . is about to be valued . Korean best dancers and our winners are ... Couple number 45 , Jung , Hyun - soo and Jang Chae - min ! It 'll be a while . Did you come early ? I just got here . Chae - ryn ... This should make them not be so suspicious . Good day . Good day . Shall we begin ? Your name ? on , Young - sae .
R668	I 'd hate to spend the last few years of my life ... mourning the loss of old friends ... The opening of the 200th anniversary has been postponed indefinitely . can not ensure public security . Joker here . You said some very bad things . Some were true times of the tyrant ... the boss Grissom . He was a thief ... and a terrorist . I have a surprise for Gotham . At midnight , 20 million bills ... I put in the crowd . The only thing we 're assuming is that this side is the same length as this , this angle is the same size as this angle , and that this angle is the same as this angle . This violet side can be any length , and this green side can also have any length , we do n't have that . 92.521 Museum activities 92.522 Protection of historical sites and buildings n.a . two lines formed an identical curve . They joined up and pulsed like one of a dozen heartbeats , then separated . " What does that mean ? " Waela asked . " It 's called synchronous biology , and we do n't know exactly what that means . " By healing faith ? " " Without the intervention of accepted scientific medicine . " " But I 've never ... " " Kerro showed me those records once . The healer achieves a stabilized physiological condition , sometimes in a trance .
R669	' I do n't see how . . . ' " The patient 's body has an identical condition in complete harmony with the healer 's . when it 's over , the patient is cured . " The international dimension The innovative sector is also an opportunity to expand and export know - how to the rest of the world for the sectors related to the sector ( e.g. equipment , fish feed , animal health sector ) . Wait . there 's something else . Kr project . Damn it ! the file is triple coded . Do n't move ! One moment . Robin , Aqualad , Kid Flash ? At least he has n't mistaken you for a name . I know you . Guardian , a hero . So what are you doing here ? You think the League will approve your living weapons ? Weapons ? The dwarf and the kender were , therefore , a great source of such studies . The first thing Raistlin found was that the kender had an unusually nimble fingers and unwavering hands . When Tasslehoff had first stripped him of his bag , in which the young magician proudly concealed his only magical component , Raistlin was furious . What 's going on ? poor Shane . He died fighting . I 'm so sorry . What are they saying ? death is the best revenge . Esmond is on his way here . Really ? It did n't take him long .
R670	Well , I needed to see you first . " Explosive " means : If the substance or preparation is classified in the ADR as well as through R2 or R3 , the classification of the ADR is above the classification of the risk . Substances and articles of class 1 are classified in any of the Sections 1.1 - 1.6 in accordance with the ADR classification system . of the following sections : Section 1.1 : " Substances and objects where there is a risk of a mass explosion ( mass explosion is an explosion which affects the entire charge almost immediately ) . " ; If he 's a thief , then why is he asleep ? he got tired and fell asleep in the apartment he just robbed ? You know , I did n't like you at first . The irony of OSUD ANEB and I scream : and I say : and I was so indignant , I did n't know what to do . Who are you ? The thief who fell asleep in the apartment he just robbed ? I really hated you ! and you looked disgusting ! Terribly disgusting ! so it 's gon na take no money . Black Widow : It took me a while , but I finally found the killer and got rid of him . ( Door closes ) Good morning , Frank ! It 's good to see you again ! PUNISHER : Ren . Hey , Frank !
R671	Leviathan , huh ? If you did not see the hurt with your own eyes , you could have unwittingly inflicted the hurt even greater . the model that was held by Honored Matres . Now the pain has struck them . How are they gon na stand up to that ? the question went through his mind as Odrade , standing against the group of Honored Matres , appeared in front of him and his aides . " This is our commander , Bashar Miles Teg , " Odrade pointed to him . Ltd ( Switzerland ) , belonging to Holcim Ltd ( ' Holcim' , Switzerland ) acquires within the meaning of Article 3(1)(b ) of the Council Regulation control of the whole of Aggregate Industries plc ( ' AI' , United Kingdom ) on the basis of a public bid made on 20 January 2005 . On preliminary examination , the Commission finds that the notified transaction could fall within the scope of Regulation ( EC ) No 139/2004 . However , the final decision on this point is reserved . The Commission invites interested third parties to submit their possible observations on the proposed operation to the Commission . comments must reach the Commission not later than 10 days following the date of this publication .
R672	Infection Patients should be evaluated for infections before , during and after treatment with Enbrel , taking into account that the mean elimination half - life of etanercept is approximately 70 hours ( range 7 - 300 hours ) . serious infections , sepsis , tuberculosis and opportunistic infections , including invasive fungal infections , listeriosis and legionellosis , have been observed with the use of Enbrel ( see section 4.8 ) . The cause of these infections was bacteria , mycobacteria , fungi , viruses and parasites ( including protozoa ) . In some cases , especially fungal and other opportunistic infections , these infections have not been recognised , resulting in delayed treatment and sometimes death . When testing patients for infection , the patient 's risk for relevant opportunistic infections ( e.g. , exposure to endemic mycoses ) should be considered . Patients who develop an infection during treatment with Enbrel should be monitored closely . If a patient develops a serious infection , Enbrel should be discontinued . physicians should carefully consider the use of Enbrel in patients with a history of recurrent or chronic infections or conditions that may develop infections , e.g. advanced or poorly controlled diabetes . Before starting treatment , all patients must be evaluated for active and inactive ( latent ) tuberculosis . This should include a detailed medical history and personal history of tuberculosis , possible previous contact with tuberculosis and previous and/or current immunosuppressive therapy .
R673	Appropriate screening tests , i.e. tuberculin skin test and chest X - ray , must be performed in all patients ( local recommendations ) . It is recommended that the results of these tests be recorded in the Patient Alert Card . Local Creator Owner Creator Group Creator Owner Server Creator Group NT Pseudo Domain Dialup Network Interactive service Local Service Network Service Remote Desktop Users an error occurred while adding % s. Oh , is he lost ? The tent took him back . You know Stan ? Stan was watching the girls when we were out . should be in bed , right ? I know , but John 's here . Yeah , I 'm here . Yes , and it 's too late . Come on , you two , get up . Come on . I 'll take them up the mountain . Come on . Come on , John . I love them . If he found someone , you 'd smell the scent of cooked meat . That 's how you know you 're approaching the target . one last door . He 'll have a knife . The Commission , by arbitrarily and unilaterally changing its position as regards the approval of the expenditure presented and demonstrated by GEF , has failed to fulfil its contractual obligations .
R674	At the same time , GEF fulfilled the contract correctly , as confirmed by the final technical assessment report , which clearly states that the resources for the project were properly used and give the work carried out by GEF ' green' ( final approval of the results ) . 78 In addition , GEF claims , in its application , that the Commission failed to establish , under the first paragraph of Article 1235 of the Belgian Civil Code , that the sum of EUR 273 516 , the recovery of which it claimed as a result of the amendment of its position , was paid ' in error . according to GEF , no payment was made in error . In its reply , GEF reiterated that Opinion , based on the incorrect translation of the first paragraph of Article 1235 . According to that article , ' any payment is a precondition for any payment : what has been paid without being owed must be refunded' . The Commission did not succeed in demonstrating that the amount requested had been paid ' without payment' . GEF considers that the payment was due and that , in case of doubt , it was for the Commission to prove that it had committed it in error , which was not the case in the present case .
R675	The police are down there ! They 're in Mexico , they 're in America , or they 're dead . If someone does n't report , we only have 48 hours to find them . Come on . Why are we stopping ? Why ? because I 'm hungry . Come on . So you 're already drunk ? Okay . I drink wine . Hey , but we 're not in Rome , so we 're gon na drink tequila because we 're in Mexico . and there 's tequila in Mexico . to find Aaron . You think something 's happened to my wife ? What ? Mr. Butler ? No . I 'm sorry . I have no idea what you 're talking about . Would you mind if we continued to the precinct in our conversation ? Hello ? You disappeared from the café on such short notice . Yeah . I 'm sorry about that . My mom needs money . Your friend may be their first victim . Do n't let them get bitten or scraped , okay ? Pull ! The first one 's over , two more . Oh , my God . Good day . I 'm very glad to be here today to speak to you . I asked Brian if I could steal the last few minutes and show you a couple of offers that you 'd be very interested in . I know I 'm intrigued .
R676	Is that what I think it is ? Two hours they tell us about nothing , and then they try and sell us a fucking land ? I know . So what do we do ? I 'll crush your head , I 'll crush your head . Let 's go inside this uncouth diamond . I think we got Dramamine in the back . I 'll go get him . - He 'll be in the cryo package . Say hi to Dr. Mann for me . Here are the pills . and our three options are the boundary between life and death of the human race . Laura Miller 's planet is the closest . Well , Laura started our biology program . This is Wolf Edmunds . Tell me about Edmunds . Did any of them have a family ? We might at least surprise the 3 of them . scary , terrifying , but not evil . It 's like me , too , huh ? You do n't have time to sneak around , just sit in your seat . Yes , sir cat OPERATIONS I hate to be late again and be embarrassed in front of the whole class The machid smiles at me too What 's wrong with me ? thank you for compassion It 's a strange cat What 's so great about Machida ? Did you tell him ? Do n't ... your friend Jack ... are you worried about him ?
R677	Do n't waste your breath . Whatever he tells you will be a lie . Uh , Sun , please ... help . For the production of bait , she hoped for my great future . Good afternoon . Are you the daughter ? I 'm Dr. Woodruff from neurosurgery . Look , I was shooting at a boar . I did n't know you were here . one way or another , it would be safer to circumvent it . You 're right . It 's a security circuit , but like everything else , it has n't worked for years . We 'll talk about it later . No , wait . I 'll take it out . All right , come with me . The common room and the courtyard are available from 8:00 - 20:00 . But we lock them up at night , and you have to stay in peace . This will be your room . Get some rest . Kristen ? I 'm Dr. Gerald Stringer . I will treat you for the duration of your stay . Good morning . ... how did you sleep ? Who came here last night ? What do you mean ? Take them . a buffer for the dialog command string is too small bad pointer in message CAPI command failed the value for the minimum tray is not available passed pointer to string not initialized spelling does not support the anagram mode .
R678	method or property is currently disabled . description : detects documents that appear as template when opening a file , warns the user and , if necessary , converts them back to documents HelpActiveWindow HelpKeyboard HelpIndex back to me , baby . dors caught me . Oh , shit . Yeah , what 's that ? I do n't know what you 're talking about , Dors . but you know . Bates delivers shit , and Boomer smokes him in return . That 's a good idea . Hello . I know , I know , I know . Even here . Well , thank you . Good - bye . so they wo n't . That was the guy from The Christian Science Monitor . and we live in Long Island City , and she 's an older lady . It 's humiliating . but there 's a bright side to it , and we 're gon na have more stew . Yes . I thought , I really thought it was in my pocket . " Book contract . " Me , Judith Jones , happy for ever and ever . with an icy attitude , that 's a fact . I suspect , however , a cruel spell that can be used in my favor . Darling , get rid of the brothel . A couple of crazy nights . " Crazy " is n't exactly the word . Who 's lions ? I got you !
R679	Dear brother , I hear you 're sad . Do n't mind us , ma'am . ... you can speak freely . I do n't notice you either . We give you life , and we can also take it away . So simple . If I wanted you to help me , I would have said . so I was late . You 've already done it . That 's a really good manoeuvre you 've got down there . Bye , Pete Mitchell . Hey , Maverick , come on in . How you doing ? Jamie , come on . Make yourself comfortable . Mike will be right there . VF-51 , aircraft carrier Oriskany . Only better ... ... and worse . He was a born hero , that son of a bitch . so he did it right . it goes slowly and steadily . Good job , Moz . I do n't like that expression . " Good work " ? You know my name , but I do n't . And while we 're on the verge of ... You want cocaine ? You 're gon na be paralyzed every time . And why do you keep hacking everything I get into ? And we 're talking about them , they do n't look so good . What ? We ca n't leave them here . and what do you suggest ?
R680	Any competent authority or technical service designated by the competent authority shall be entitled to select equipment from the series at any time for inspection . If this check reveals defects in the equipment , approval may be withdrawn . Article 1.06 Identification of the equipment and the type - approval number 1 . There were angry voices from the cottage . She recognized Thorn and Obrenova . but they do n't seem to have any particular testimony . she hesitated for a moment , her curiosity almost overwhelmed . Can I offer you gentlemen a glass of sherry ? No , you 're very kind . I think we should go . Thank God we know the truth . A terrible thing , terrible . No wonder ... I had no idea . Just like Danny , I 'm sure . Will we still be in court , Colonel Julyan ? Thank you , sir . Are you ready to go , Colonel ? No , thank you . I 'm staying here today . I thank you all for how honestly and faithfully you have served . The rapporteur was Mr ADAMCZYK . At its 450th plenary session , held on 14 and 15 January 2009 ( meeting of 14 January ) , the European Economic and Social Committee adopted the following opinion by 94 votes to 29 with 15 abstentions . theoretically , I think so . I 'm just asking . How was she when you left ?
R681	Why do you say that ? There 's nothing good about it except money . It 's like my job . They 're gon na cut each other because they 're late for paying ? They 're shooting at each other because they 're after one lousy dollar ? I can barely breathe out of it sometimes . Find another job . and you like your work ? EUR - Lex - 52005XC1230(03 ) - EN Important legal notice 52005XC1230(03 ) Summary of Community decisions on marketing authorizations in respect of medicinal products from 20 November 2005 to 30 November 2005 ( Decisions taken pursuant to Article 34 of Directive 2001/83/EC or Article 38 of Directive 2001/82/EC ) castlebecks : Glass fragments from the warehouse are from a black light bulb , which is usually available . I 'm Holt . This is Madison . What are we waiting for ? to a student counselor . a nice jacket . Okay , I have a simple two - step plan to get out of this . Step one , we go together in secret . Oh . That 's what happens from now on . to look at it together . to destroy it . That 's good , too . No bad ideas . Oh , God . Get down . Hi , Chastity . It 's called 10 ways of torturing a whore who kissed Joey . waterboarding , duh . these five sectors together represent the entire domestic economy .
R682	The ESA 2010 system allows for a full set of flow accounts and balance sheets for each sector and subsector , as well as for the total economy . Non - resident units can enter into contact with these five domestic sectors and their interactions are referred to as interactions between five domestic sectors and the sixth institutional sector , which is the rest of the world sector . Local KAUs and sectors Where institutional units perform more than one activity , they must be distributed with respect to the type of activity . so - called local kind - of - activity units . In the case of an institutional unit as a manufacturer , the local KAU groups all parts of it which are located in a single location or in several adjacent places and which contribute to the performance of the activity at class level ( four - digit number ) of the NACE Rev. 2 classification . The local KAUs are recorded for each ancillary activity ; however , if the accounting documents necessary to describe these activities are not available , a number of secondary activities are combined within the local KAU . a group of all local KAUs operating the same or similar type of activity is made up of the sector . The institutional unit comprises one or more local KAUs ; each local KAU belongs to only one institutional unit . for the analysis of the production process , an analytical production unit is used .
R683	Article 49 Electronic public administration Communications , documentation and security may be developed , processed and managed by means of information technology ( IT ) provided that the systems used are managed on the basis of officially approved quality and safety protocols eligible for these systems . This Article shall apply where a specific Regulation applies to it . We thought you might be able to get back together with Terrance ... That 's enough , I 'm not doing anything with that egotistical fat guy . The work agency shall not charge employees , after the expiry of the period of secondment to the user , any fees for the recruitment of such a user or for the conclusion of an employment contract or an employment relationship with that user . but I 'm very comfortable with it . To be honest with you , I wo n't spend so much nights in my bed in a year . if a man is a good breadwinner , and generally a handsome young man , for most women , the abs are n't bad . From the perspective of the other sex , although your friend , who you 've met on the Internet , will deny it with your arm around your shoulders , and he denies it . For us guys , it 's just about the O.K.
R684	Even all ties of kinship could not suppress a certain sense of envious concern about the rise of the American Union in all areas of the international economy and power politics . the former colonial country , the child of the great mother , seemed to rise to the ruler of the world . Therefore , there is no reliable and convincing evidence that e - mail and postal service constitute actual compensation . Customers , businesses and private clients who can not or do not wish to switch to electronic communications will continue to represent a segmented , limited market that is likely to be served only by the applicant . As a barrier to entry and competition , fixed costs of entry and operation of the network needed for the provision of services can be considered as a barrier to entry . This position of Austrian Post is not likely to change in the case of future market shrinkage , where potential new entrants may be expected to expect an even greater profit in terms of the amount of fixed costs to be paid , compared to the current market conditions . In this virtually monopoly situation , it can not be assumed that a national incumbent will have strong incentives or constraints that will force it to be competitive when purchasing inputs . For the same reason , the dominant position of Austrian Post does not guarantee that potential cost reductions are passed on to customers .
R685	It is also possible to distinguish further according to the category of beneficiaries : in segment B2X , differentiation between delivery to business ( B2B ) and delivery to consumers ( B2C ) , since B2C delivery requires a denser network than B2B. However , in both scenarios ( if B2B and B2C are considered as two separate markets or only one B2X market ) , the outcome of the assessment of the competitive situation would appear to be the same . The applicant considers that the postal services relating to addressed letters B2X , namely domestic and inbound ( 22 ) , are part of the same market . Since the outcome of the assessment would be the same irrespective of whether we consider them separately or in the same market , no distinction is made for the purposes of this Decision and the precise definition of the relevant market can be left open in this respect . On the basis of the above information , for the purposes of this Decision and without prejudice to competition law , it can be considered that the relevant product market is the market for postal services for addressed B2X letters , the exact definition of the relevant market being left open . It 's better than it 's ever been before . Better . Stronger . faster . That 's amazing ! We can and we can ! I gave this project a long time ago . I want to see this Bionic Barry !
R686	Well , then you 'd better pack your ... And what brings you to New York , Mr. Berg ? work or fun ? All right . I guess I have n't found my balance yet . Do n't worry . I know what I 'm doing . At least I hope , because we have a problem . I 'm sorry . It 's my first time at sea . Yes , it might sting a little . That 's a good point . I 'll get you some water and something for a fever . Sir , I report there 's a wounded passenger in the storage area . The storage area is for crew only . Fucking traitor . Castus came to the rescue ! Hurry up ! and do n't turn around ! Spartacus ! Do you expect him to wait for you in the snow when you arrive and announce his end ? Count those who have fallen ! Spartacus . Take all those who can not fight , to a safe distance . The rest of you give weapons to the others . ( b ) costs that are generally attributable to contractual activity and may be allocated to the contract ; and ( c ) other costs that are accounted for by the customer under the terms of the contract . ( a ) costs of construction work , including construction surveillance ;
R687	( e ) costs of hiring buildings and equipment ; ( g ) the estimated costs of repair and guarantee work , including the expected guarantee costs , and ( h ) legal claims of third parties . These costs can be reduced by any accidental income not included in the contract revenue , such as income from the sale of surplus materials and the decommissioning of buildings and equipment at the end of the contract . Eeer .. Eeer .. I think I see him . This way ! Eeer .. Eeer .. Eeer .. I 'm still not dead . I can still use a lethal spell . I 'm just trying to help you . use a spell for the pizza distributor . Hey , where 's our pizza ? I 'm ready ... I can play . Summary of calibration and verification In Table 8.1 , a summary of the calibrations and verifications described in the paragraph , indicating when they are to be performed . 1995 ) Note 7 EN 60730 - 1:1995 and its amendments CENELEC EN 60730 - 2 - 5:1995 Equipment for electrical electrical purposes - Part 2 - 5:1995 - Part 2 : Particular requirements for automatic electrical burner control systems ( IEC 60730 - 2 - 5:1993 ( Modified ) ) Article 9 FCH States Representatives Group 1 . The FCH States Representatives Group has an advisory role in relation to the FCH Joint Undertaking . Good boy . I 'm leaving , Snode .
R688	Really ? Well , you know , in case you have n't noticed , they 're messed up in the head . I ca n't risk my family , man . You should n't , either . You understand Jock 's gon na take it like a prize ? Fuck . " Red ! " Jerbollah exclaimed enthusiastically . " What ? " Bruenor demanded , for , like the other dwarves , he saw no red light in the chapel . " Red ! " Jerbollah repeated , turning , and the dwarves understood . Bruenor slumped into his palm and groaned . ' But he does good holy water , ' said one of the dwarves nearby , and the others chuckled . poor Jerbolah still thought his magic was working perfectly , and he did not understand what was so amusing . The Snake - claw swooped forward and seized the opportunity . She handed Bruenor a holy - water tankard and hurried to the throne . ' I planned something else , ' she said quickly , as Bruenor sipped his mead and swallowed - his face brightened again and gave the holy water a mark of nine . ' But the Cleric of Moradin and Clangeddon , who knows the battle better than anyone , must be able to improvise ! ' The Parisian was used to the nickname , considered it an honor , and was not offended .
R689	" But he 's already red , " Jerbollah insisted , earning himself a slap . I ca n't find anything . The results of the research financed by the Agency shall be made public if the Agency does not declare it confidential . Article 26 International relations 1 . In accordance with the relevant Community legislation , the Agency shall assist the Community and the Member States in their relations with third countries . In particular , it shall assist in the harmonisation of rules and mutual recognition in the case of approvals demonstrating the satisfactory application of the rules . Borders can be applied to frame , graphics , or .icode border Style The Line Style is only visible if a picture , chart , or frame is selected . by this button , you can select the categories for which you want to change the distances for which you want to change the distances . This button has submenus to add , edit , and delete instances . This button opens the Field Format dialog . This category contains information functionality . This category contains logical functions . This category contains the Calc functions . You can open the Function Wizard by choosing Insert - Functions . This category contains statistical functionality . This category contains the array functions . This category contains the mathematical financial functions of % PRODUCTNAME Calc . cell locking only occurs if you also lock the entire sheet ( Tools - Protect Document - Sheet ... )
R690	This command activates the Spreadsheet Detective . Using the Detective , you can monitor the dependencies of the current formula on the other cells of the spreadsheet . This command can be activated if an object is selected . In the same directory as the selected object , a link called " Reference to xxx " ( xxx is the object name ) will be created . The importers , which are related to exporting producers , have to fill in Annex I to the questionnaire for these exporting producers . Article 143 of Commission Regulation ( EEC ) No 2454/93 on the implementation of the Community Customs Code is considered to be related persons : ( a ) one of which is a member of the management or administrative board of the other person 's undertaking and vice versa ; ( b ) which are traders legally recognised ; ( c ) one of which , directly or indirectly , holds , controls or holds 5 % or more of the shares or shares issued ; ( e ) of which one directly or indirectly controls the other ; ( f ) both directly or indirectly controlled by a third party ; ( g ) which are jointly or indirectly controlled by a third party , or ( h ) which are members of one family . Store below 25 ° C . " We have to get out of here ! " Slanter looked eagerly at Garet Jax .
R691	Enough ! If the evaluation studies are not available , the incentive effect of fiscal aid schemes can only be envisaged for incremental measures ( i.e. measures on R&D&I expenditure exceeding a certain benchmark ) . Clearly , because no one has anything better to do than follow Michael Knight all day . I have nothing better to do . This is an outcome consistent with the state of law development in 1987 . The approach followed in the Ritter - Coulais case is the investigation of differences between the free movement of workers and the free movement of workers by virtue of Union citizenship . On the basis of that approach , if a Union citizen moves to another Member State for other than economic reasons , he may claim rights which are reserved under the existing system to those who have exercised their right to freedom of movement on grounds of employment , establishment or the provision of services . Without prejudice to paragraphs 1 to 5 , Member States shall ensure , in accordance with their laws and legal procedures , that the modalities and conditions for the purchase of such short extracts are defined , in particular any compensation arrangements , the maximum length of short extracts and time limits on their transmission . Where compensation is provided for , it shall not exceed the additional costs directly incurred in providing access . " b - National law 10 . I do n't know , but I suppose it tastes genius .
R692	Visitors must ask for a key . Are you telling me I ca n't go to the bathroom in my apartment ? I mean , you have to ask permission to go to the bathroom in my office . Robin , there are billions of men in the world . Why do you have to sleep with my assistant ? Ted , I come from work at 5:30 . It 's a dirty job , but somebody has to do it . Do n't worry . I 'll wash it before I hit you . Hey , there 's gon na be something , is n't there ? Okay , first of all , I 've met a couple of fantasy guys . It could have been worse . Second , this has to stop . Article 128 is replaced by the following : ' Article 128 The accounting officers of the other institutions and bodies referred to in Article 121 shall forward to the Commission 's accounting officer and to the Court of Auditors by 1 March of the following year the provisional accounts together with the report on budgetary and financial management for that financial year . The Commission 's accounting officer shall consolidate these provisional accounts with the Commission 's provisional accounts and send the Court of Auditors the provisional accounts of the Commission and the consolidated provisional accounts by 31 March of the following year . 3 . criteria and procedures for evaluating the results obtained each year .
R693	You do n't have to go to your class , and we 're hosting some classes . Excuse me ? pole dance ? You 're not gon na do anything alone . In my view , this means that the contracting authority must be able to participate in the effective control of the concessionary company at least in proportion to its relative importance in all public bodies by the controlling company . In order to assess the relative importance of the entity , criteria such as the volume of budget of the local authority , the number of its population or the needs of the entity may be used . Wait , Tony ! Ah , so amazing . Thank you . I always knew what you would look like . Berry ? No , no , just a minute ... Now . Why would I want to go anywhere without you , darling ? I know you do . If the number one reason does n't pay off very soon , I 'm probably gon na punch you in the nose . patience , Lisbon . Nothing . Hi . " Bastard " is a pretty strong expression . The important thing is we have a killer . That was the point . Griffin Welks ? You know what ? I promise . Well , you came out of there alive . Yes . You deserve a toast . Did Miss Malin speak ? Not much . Never mind .
R694	Too bad . You 're Eina ? 3 . DEVELOPMENT AND EXERCISE OF THE FUND IN THE PERIOD 2003 - 2006 [ 9 ] 3.1 . Protecting the budget of the European Union from defaulting as a result of loan failures Since its inception in 1994 , the Fund has effectively fulfilled its main objective of avoiding any disruption of the implementation of the budget that would have been due to delays in the payment of credit operations guaranteed by the European Union budget . Graph 2 of the Annex shows how the Fund has managed to dampen the impact of the use of Community guarantees . [ pic ] If it were not for the Fund , in several cases the Community would have to use budgetary resources in order to reimburse the guarantees claimed , and this would require redeployment during budget implementation . Since 2003 , there have been four disbursements from the Fund for a total amount of EUR 9,2 million , all of which concerned guarantees granted by the EIB for loans in the Republic of Argentina ( see Table 1 in the Annex , which provides a detailed overview of the cash flows to and from the Fund ) . The Fund continues to ensure payment of only the penalty interest of USD 1,4 million ( equivalent to EUR 1,2 million ) .
R695	annual losses amounted to a maximum of EUR 303 million in 1995 in 1995 . Currently , the highest individual risk of a country amounts to EUR 1.8 billion and , for example , in the event of a civil war , the fund could be substantially increased , as experience with the former Federal Republic of Yugoslavia has shown . " the Sunnis are some fundamental , very serious religious differences , " Herbert said . - Impact assessment There was no need for an impact assessment since the proposal to adapt Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1234/2007 to the Lisbon Treaty is an inter - institutional matter which will affect all Council Regulations . Results from CONSULTATIONS WITH THE INTERESTED PARTIES AND IMPACT ASSESSMENTS · Consultation methods , main consultation sectors and general profile of respondents In addition to expert meetings and seminars , a public stakeholder consultation on all aspects of the planned revision of Decision No 280 took place online on 7 March 2011 to 29 April 2011 /2004 . The internet questionnaire was available on the website of DG Climate Action and " Your Voice " . The questionnaire was available in all official languages and interested parties were informed of it . by private individuals , public authorities , non - governmental organisations , private companies , industry groups and research institutions .
R696	Overall , the respondents consider that , despite a relatively significant amount and good quality of information and data on climate change , there is still room for improvement , and a majority of respondents consider that it would be good to improve the requirements in all areas covered by this impact assessment . The results of the consultations are available online [ 5 ] . · Consultation with Member States In 2009 , 2010 and 2011 , two seminars , a series of technical and sector - oriented expert meetings and many projects were carried out to inform Member States of the revision of the Monitoring Mechanism Decision . At these meetings , the Member States agreed that a review of the Monitoring Mechanism Decision should be revised to take account of developments at Union and international level and the lessons learnt during its implementation . However , the Member States expressed concerns about the possible subsequent increase in administrative burdens . Seven Member States ( Finland , Hungary , Germany , the Netherlands , Slovakia , Spain and Sweden ) have volunteered to provide information on administrative burdens / administrative costs . These Member States were consulted twice in the form of a questionnaire . However , only five of them ( Finland , Hungary , Germany , the Netherlands and Sweden ) replied to the second questionnaire .
R697	this money does n't exist . This will lead to inflation . But , no , this is a very important point , because the money has begun to work through productive investments that make up the wealth that makes a pie bigger or bigger pie , we actually experience deflation . and our economy is actually growing . I 'll see you in the next video . development of the next PRAGUE - Over the next 15 years , approximately two billion children are born , of which 90 % in the poorest parts of the world . If we gave these children a better start , it would be one of the greatest achievements humanity could achieve . Next month , world leaders will meet in the United Nations , New York , to agree on the Sustainable Development Goals : a set of tasks to replace the 18 original targets in 2000 in the Millennium Development Goals . The list of potential targets is incredibly long : it contains a total of 169 items for which trillions of dollars will be executed . It turns out that one of the best ways to help is to try to improve the lives of children . our analysis has identified 19 targets that would benefit the most for each dollar spent . Each dollar spent on these 19 targets would benefit four times higher than if the same amount was evenly divided into all 169 targets .
R698	It is not surprising that there are interventions for improving the fate of young people ; after all , they will grow and become workers and leaders of tomorrow . Opportunities start from birth - or not . Although child mortality has decreased by two thirds since 1970 , an appalling number of children still die in the early years of their lives . In 2013 , 6.3 million children died before the age of five years . Regulation ( EC ) No 1301/2006 lays down in particular detailed provisions on applications for import licences , the status of applicants and the issue of licences . The provisions of Regulation ( EC ) No 1301/2006 should apply from 1 July 2007 to import licences issued in accordance with Regulation ( EC ) No 936/97 , without prejudice to further conditions laid down in that Regulation . It is necessary , where necessary , to align the provisions of Regulation ( EC ) No 936/97 with Regulation ( EC ) No 1301/2006 . Article 5(2 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 936/97 provides that Member States are to notify the Commission of the total quantity covered by applications on the second working day following the end of the period for their submission . for practical reasons , it should be laid down that licences should be issued on the 15th day of each month . Having regard to the public holidays in 2007 , this amendment should apply from April 2007 .
R699	Put him through , Lucy . Mr. Horne , it 's Lucy . I 'm going to put you in the office of Sheriff Truman . Okay , so hold on . Sheriff Truman , I 've put you through to Ben Horn . Yes , Ben . Harry , Audrey 's gone . What ? like , uh ... maybe two days . Audrey Horn is missing . one policy policy , unsigned . The agent said that Catherine was dissatisfied with some of the details , such as that Josie was at the scene of the recipient . The prospective applicant for authorisation , renewal or review of the authorisation and the holder or holders of the authorisation shall take all reasonable steps to reach an agreement on the sharing of the test and study reports protected under Article 62 by the applicant for the purpose of authorisation , the application for the renewal or review of the authorisation of a plant protection product . Such an agreement may be replaced by submission of the matter to an arbitration panel and the acceptance of its arbitration award . In order to ensure that the cost of sharing information is established in a fair , transparent and non - discriminatory manner , the Commission may , in accordance with the regulatory procedure referred to in Article 83(3 ) , approve cost - sharing guidelines based on these principles . They 'll wait .
R700	Looks like a big deal . maybe the biggest one this town has ever seen . Come here ! I like the car . You 're not supposed to buy anything ! To this end , the programme produces wide - ranging and systematic data on territorial trends related to various economic , social and environmental aspects , with a view to identifying the potential of regions , cities and larger territories and the economic challenges they face . More than one audit authority The audit authority is a national , regional or local public authority or body designated for each operational programme and responsible for verifying the effective functioning of the management and control system . Three EC Regulations ( 1080/2006 , 1083/2006 and 1828/2006 ) establish the main principles available in the Member States to ensure consistency between the rules implemented in the Member States . More Certifying Authority The certifying authority ensures the accuracy and regularity of declarations of expenditure and requests for payment before they are sent . More Employment The EU is committed to helping Europe remain at the forefront of the global economy and seeks to play its part in creating the right conditions to generate employment and growth . What are you talking about ? You peed in my shampoo . Confess . What ? Yeah , the stopper was relaxed and I know that crazy brain of yours . Ladies ! about your question ... I love this music . What 's it about ? Cigarette ?
R701	Employment decreased by 5 % and 50 % of investment over the reporting period . Under certain circumstances , in particular where justified by distance , time of transport or capacity problems , the processing , incineration or co - incineration plant may also be located in another Member State ( 11 ) . For the purposes of protecting public and animal health , it is necessary to lay down minimum requirements for such combustion plants . Member States may adopt environmental protection legislation for such facilities until the Community requirements are accepted . Less stringent requirements should apply to low - capacity combustion plants such as those on farms and to pet crematoriums to reflect the lower risk posed by the material processed and to prevent unnecessary shipments of animal by - products . behind you in the basket . You 're smoking now ? But that idiot Radouan is acting like an idiot now . Do n't worry , I can do it , Manu . I 'm not afraid , but everyone 's talking about you . Because you 're so crazy , the cops are gon na catch you in a minute . He 's not the kind of guy who jumps on everybody . It 's clear there 's something going on between us . I 'll tell you something , they 're probably afraid of me . Men are afraid of a girl who has a strong character , as if she 's stripping them of manhood , yeah .
R702	you really loved him . Yeah , it is . as evidence from the crime scene ? Maybe I misunderstood . was a lousy connection . That would be it . I do n't care if it was Manson . if it makes her so happy , I do n't mind . She 's been so sad lately . Tomorrow will be a busy day . Good night , Jill . women . Suze gets to the Dogan , but there 's no use there . Mia cut it off from control . Suze ca n't do anything . Mia kidnapped her . " She . . . she . . . " He stopped . then , as it often happens with dreams , it 's all gone . he did n't even know if it was a real message from Susannah or just pure fantasy . Young man , did something happen ? so Cullum felt it , too . In that case , there was no fantasy . rather than some kind of view of the mind . John waited , and when he had no answer from Eddie , he turned to Roland . " Is your friend a lot of fun ? " Uh , sir ? Good . You know , my mother and I brought some boxes to her friend , but she 's not home . Can you help us ? No , I 'm sorry . Yes , but I have a very busy day .
R703	Well , then I suppose you 'll make time . not only do you want to hide it in a place where no one can look ... Okay , bro , you ready ? but also to a place where no one would want to look . Okay , that seems repulsive enough . Okay , Burke , we 're ready here . Let 's see if it works . At each side , I had a window leading into the uncharted depths . he did n't know what we knew . He did n't know anything about Scorpy 's life . So ... now you 're considering helping Scorpius ? No . I just do n't know what I 'm gon na do next . Well , let me get this straight . I said I 'd do it with you , and I will . Bialar . I know you do n't believe me , but ... you could come back . to the Peacekeepers ? Scorpius despises me as much as I despise him . as well as devotion . Give me what he wants from Crichton . Show Scorpius you 're not his enemy . Annex I shall include all items , materials , equipment , goods and technology , including software which is dual - use goods or technology within the meaning of Regulation ( EC ) No 428/2009 ( 10 ) .
R704	which they often went through as children . essentially meaningless , and to re - examine them in Google Streetview . ... and I promise you , that if you go through them again , when any of them will come back and hits you right in the head . and I was collecting these moments -- and the memories of them . ' When I 'm bored , I eat pretzels . ' we came back to it often . " Did n't we do this together ? This is not just our business . You should have told me . Annex Labour force selection survey Multi - annual ad - hoc programme 1 . Boxus and Others , paragraph 40 ; and Solvay and Others , paragraph 34 ) . " Yes ! ' The danger is growing , and the oarsmen are moving on ! " And if they did , " they 'd lose the whole fight ! " to stop , Dad ! It 's gone too far ! Stop ! And here we are . I 'm sorry that I came here without calling , but I must speak with you . Come on in . How 's Orson ? I figured it out . Well , I need a favor . Look , I do n't know what he told you , but Orson left me . What ? Beautiful , is n't it ? is just perfect . I 'll take her .
R705	you think we 're perfect for each other . You have no idea what he 's like . I 'm almost a hero , are n't I ? You are to me . No . I have n't slept much in the last day , that 's all . I 'm fine . I 'll take you to my house . Okay . Phoenix is inside . Now she 's on her own . Shotgun to base . We 're in position . We 're on schedule . Reference acts The Protocol on the Privileges and Immunities of the European Union , and in particular Article 12 thereof . 4 0 3 Proceeds of the temporary contribution from the salaries of Members of the institution , officials and other servants in active employment Financial year 2014 Financial year 2013 Financial year 2012 p.m. p.m. Remarks This revenue comprises all the proceeds of the temporary contribution from the remuneration of officials and other servants in active employment deducted from the salaries of the staff of the Office . You did it . What did he do ? You 're using your imagination , Peter . You 're playing with us , Peter . You got it , Peter . Drink your papaya , Peter . It 's classy . Catch ! Hey , catch ! Peter , look ! I 'm not turning him in . It 's his money , let him do what he wants .
R706	But do n't expect us to hang around ... and wait for you to swing . Yeah , hello . I 'm with these people like you asked , Lee . because the guy insisted that I call you . What ? Did you fuck yourself ? Hey , Lee , it 's Clarence . We finally hear each other . I want to tell you that I 'm a big fan of yours . That 's why I want to show Dr. Zhivago in L.A. and I need your distribution skills . You know , we 're talking about a lot of film material . You 'd be an idiot if you did n't make a big deal out of a movie like that . " And behaving the breed of human handlemen is an arrogance like the Devil . Do you know who the Devil is ? " " Snob . but worse than your arrogance is your stupidity . why should it ? " ' This Article shall apply , under the same conditions , to the failure to act by the Union institutions , other bodies . " ; ( b ) in the third subparagraph , the words ' ... an institution or an institution or other body' shall be inserted after the words ' an authority' ;
R707	In the first paragraph of Article 233 , the words ' or the authorities' shall be deleted , and the second subparagraph shall be adapted accordingly ; the third subparagraph shall be deleted . The potential benefits of TTIP for SMEs include customs duties , regulatory issues and non - tariff barriers , services , e - commerce , government procurement , customs cooperation and trade facilitation and intellectual property rights . This chapter could provide mechanisms for both sides to cooperate to facilitate the participation of SMEs in the transatlantic trade exchange . What did he tell you ? it was so important to him that it did n't come out . Okay . If I had the means , which I do n't , why would I want Wieland to cause a panic , especially today ? Article 6 The High Contracting Parties shall cooperate to accelerate economic growth in the region in order to strengthen the foundations of a prosperous and peaceful community of South - East Asian peoples . To this end , and for the mutual benefit of their peoples , the High Contracting Parties will promote greater use of agriculture and industry , facilitate business boom and contribute to the improvement of economic infrastructure . In this respect , they will not cease striving to find ways of close and beneficial cooperation with other States , as well as international and regional organisations outside the region .
R708	To this end , they shall adopt the relevant regional economic development and mutual assistance strategies . Article 8 The High Contracting Parties shall endeavour to achieve as close a cooperation as possible and shall seek the possibility of mutual assistance through education and research facilities in the social , cultural , technical , scientific and administrative areas . Article 9 The High Contracting Parties shall endeavour to cooperate more closely to promote peace , consistency and stability in the region . To this end , the High Contracting Parties shall maintain regular contacts and consultations with each other on international and regional issues in order to coordinate their views , procedures and policy . Article 10 None of the High Contracting Parties shall , in any way or in any form whatsoever , participate in any activity which would pose a threat for the political and economic stability , sovereignty or territorial integrity of another high Contracting Party . Article 11 In order to preserve their national identity , the High Contracting Parties shall endeavour to strengthen their national position in the political , economic , socio - cultural and security sectors in accordance with their ideals and objectives , and independent of the external and subversive activities from within . 1.1.1.4 CHAPTER IV : LOCAL SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES Article 13 The High Contracting Parties shall , in good faith and bona fide , prevent disputes from arising .
R709	It 's a done deal , Harry . Harry shook his head and smiled mirthlessly . " I 'll get rid of you , " he said . " Believe me , Faethor , I will get rid of you even if I have to get rid of myself . " You are as tenacious as the ones you chase and kill ! You 're not gon na kill yourself until there 's a chance you 're gon na kill another one of them . I can die very easily . like a bullet in the sleep , like Trevor Jordan ... Believe me , it 's tempting . " The President of the European Council shall , at his level and in that capacity , ensure the external representation of the Union on matters relating to the common foreign and security policy , without prejudice to the powers of the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy . The Council , jointly with the European Parliament , shall exercise legislative and budgetary function . It shall perform policy - making and coordination functions in accordance with the conditions laid down by the Treaties . Give me a minute . The trip to the hospital must be occupied . Second folder in - go . Kiki holds on to every word I say , all the wise pearls I give her . or a waiter . Peter , your voice is killing me .
R710	At least you know how the whole world feels sober . I 'm not here for you . Stop the bus ! I ca n't ! Stop the bus ! Listen ! OK ? and now listen . I do n't care what you did . Whatever it was , I 'm sure you 're sorry , so it 's fine . See ? Sam ! he approached the abandoned Wolf family jet and examined his damaged tail section , crushed by the Snow Cruiser before the aircraft went around and entered his darkened interior . in that little light that penetrated the opening and windows , he could distinguish the interior of luxuriously furnished leather chairs and couches . there was a bar and a table with a big TV . The back of the cabin contained an excessively large bed in case its owner took a few hours of sleep while the plane flew . in the bathroom were gilded armatures and a little shower . in front , behind the cockpit , he saw a small kitchenette equipped with baking oven , microwave , sink , and cabinets that contained crystal glass glasses and porcelain dishes . his eyes fell on the long chest that was tied to the floor beside the bed . Pitt knelt and ran his hands over the surface . He tried to lift it at one end , but it was made of bronze and extremely heavy .
R711	The timber so treated shall not be placed on the market . Microsoft Setup Windows Update : Internet Explorer and Internet Tools I 'm sure he does n't call me to tell me that my food is great . raw and coiled . Yes , boss . After 45 minutes of red service , no hors d'oeuvres have been issued . Where 's my risotto ? Pizza , please , Kimmie . Two scallops on the line , boss . No , I think there should be five . It 's supposed to be five of them , and that jerk gives me eight scallops . What 's two times five ? - Ten , boss . - You gave them eight . so two are missing . Any progress ? No . If they think they 're gon na get on like this , they never get it . Look out ! Chuma , are you all right ? Take care of Chuma . Do n't follow me . Rachel ? Rachel ? Is that you , Rachel ? Rachel . Rachel , wake up . Proposal for a RECOMMENDATION RECOMMENDATION Adopted ( P7_TA(2014)0259 ) 18.5 . recommendations to the Council , the Commission and the European External Action Service on the role of television , radio and broadcasting in creating an idea of the EU and its values [ 2013/2187(INI ) ] - Committee on Foreign Affairs . Rapporteur : Graham Watson ( A7 - 0248/2014 ) Steve and Lisa Harris .
R712	according to the daughter 's statement , they went to a restaurant for a ready - made meal . these people were really unlucky . Six months before the murder , they burned a seafood store . My daughter said Brent was waiting with her for his parents to come back . Well , now we know he was with her in the car . then why did she lie ? Good question . So this Brent guy can count cards , toothpicks and stuff ? All we know is that he ca n't show emotion . treatment of narcolepsy with cataplexia in adult patients . Treatment should be initiated and remain under the guidance of a physician experienced in the treatment of sleep disorders . The recommended starting dose is 4.5 g of sodium oxybate per day and divided into two equal doses of 2.25 g. they 're right , Baran , and you know it . all of them , except for you , seem to recognize it . I do n't need permission to command the ship , Galen . What 's going on ? I 'm reconstructing the aft plasma leadership . The power loss will only take a few seconds . Learn not to limit your options . Riker can be very useful to us in the future . Maybe not as useful as you mean , if that 's the Riker I heard about . which Riker are you talking about ?
R713	The Salvatore had gone pale , which meant his sunburned face had gone grey . he bowed deeply , said in half a mouthful of retro , crossly crossed himself , ran away , and occasionally looked back at us . " What did you ask him ? " I asked William . for a moment he remained lost in thought . " It does n't matter , I 'll tell you later . I must see the libertine . " the side ships were in the gloom . in the left - hand ship in the last chapel before the altar stood a slender pillar , and on it the Virgin Mary was carved in modern style , with an indispensable smile on her lips , with a protruding belly , with a child in her arms , in a lovely dress with a small bodice . we went to him . It was an old man , his face beardless , no hair , his great eyes , his lips , his lips narrow and red , his skin clinging to the bony skull , and he resembled a mummy in the milk . first he glared at us , like we had disturbed him from ecstatic ecstasy , then his face brightened with joy . " William ! " he cried . The costs incurred in respect of an exemption from the payment of fees shall not be taken into account in the calculation of unit rates .
R714	lambs stay with their mother and feed on their mother 's milk until they are shut down ( from 40 to 50 days of life ) . Once they are definitively closed , they shall remain in the barn and under control , either in their own farms or in the fattening or fattening centres registered in the relevant register . Their feed is based on concentrates produced primarily from cereals , oilseeds , protein products and cereal straw . Only feedingstuffs consisting mainly of cereals , oilseeds and protein products are used in the complementary diet of lambs for slaughter . The lambs intended for slaughter and bearing the protected geographical indication mark come from farms entered in the registers of the Regulatory Council and must be transported to the slaughterhouse perfectly indicated . The slaughter of lambs and the processing of the carcasses must be carried out in slaughterhouses and cutting plants , which can prove that the product complies with the requirements laid down , that their facilities comply with the legislation in force , that they maintain appropriate records to ensure the traceability of the product and enable periodic inspection to be carried out . This measure prevents transport from being stressful for animals while at the same time the quality of the meat is not affected by changes in pH due to stress on the animals .
R715	3.6 . Specific rules concerning slicing , grating , packaging , etc . : Okay , call me when you can . Then I 'll warm up and ... Paula ! They brought more ! I got ta go , honey , I 'll call you later , okay ? Hi , I 'm home . Mom had to stay at work . Well , I did , but one of Madison 's cousins got pregnant and her family went crazy . So what was it supposed to be today ? very free . No , not the dress . Aiden . that they made out . And they vomited ! I was drunk when it happened . And I repeat , we 're just friends . Yes , I was disgusted by it , I think ... What did your brother have for a disease ? The sick people die when they fall in love . What ! ? They die when they fall in love . It 's just fun , he had something genetic . My mother died the same way . What ? when I was a little girl . so my dad and I are the only survivors . Do you know what that means ? In other words , I inherited my father 's genes , and that 's why I do n't look like a woman at all . Even my hair is as rough as steel wire ! can we eat ? Yes .
R716	" This is very important . They 're afraid of us . In general , deviations are allowed from the district . distribution of this mass among the axles and , in the case of a semi - trailer or centre - axle trailer , load on the coupling point ( maximum and minimum for each variant ) : ... The technically permissible maximum laden mass stated by the manufacturer ( i ) ( 3 ) : ... Technically permissible maximum mass on each axle : ... Technically permissible maximum towable mass of the motor vehicle for ... drawbar trailer : ... Semi - trailer : ... centre - axle trailer : ... Technically permissible maximum mass of the combination ( 3 ) : ... Maximum mass of unbraked trailer : ... Because ? I want to be alone . When I 'm with someone , I feel alone . But I 'm not alone when I 'm alone . No , you do n't have to understand . I 'm just saying I ca n't change my life . But , you 're not gon na lose ... Hi . What 's wrong with you ? I kissed someone . It 's a lie .
R717	No ? The leeches . Mom , Dad ? Look at you . You have to do it with two fingers . One on each eye . I 'm looking at you . Guess who 's here . Professor Einstein . I see you getting a Nobel Prize . End of play , boys , we have a visitor . Gosh . You think it was fun , huh ? Easy , easy . I 'll do it . I 'll do it . Nice . Wow . Morning , sunshine . Morning , handsome . What did you do , buddy ? What did you do with your face ? Do n't ignore your visions . You belong with me . Bang . It 's over , old man . You smacked me ! You denied my right . Liar . I am , Isaac ? I am the one who gives you this world ! The firstborn son and daughters were my prophecy ... and the prophecy was fulfilled ! You put these two together . total consumer surplus ... manufacturers no longer want to produce so many square feet to rent . Looks like we 've lost some kind of overflow for our little town here . We lost it in this area . is a free soul . I 'll be as honest as possible Sometimes I wonder if I should be the one to do it . You should n't tell me that .
R718	Now it 's my turn to stay with me . His grandmother can offer him emotional stability . Do you think I do n't ? We 're gon na have to fight it out . I would n't advise it . we can make a deal . No . Do n't you want to tell me about it ? No . Did you ever think he would do anything else ? I mean , if we did n't do what we do . What do you mean ? something else . years ago , I was thinking about a pet store . exotic animals , snakes , iguanas , that sort of thing . You and the store ? Yeah . What 's wrong with that ?
R719	M_2006378EN.01007201.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union L 378/72 RECOMMENDATION OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 20 December 2006 on the protection of minors and human dignity and on the right of reply in connection with the competitiveness of the European audiovisual and on - line information services industry ( 2006/952/EC ) THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND THE COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT THE EUROPEAN UNION , Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , and in particular Article 157 thereof , Having regard to the proposal from the Commission , Having regard to the opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee ( 1 ) , After consulting the Committee of the Regions , Acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 251 of the Treaty ( 2 ) , Whereas : The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union ( 3 ) ( ' the Charter' ) lays down the inviolability of human dignity in Article 1 and states that it must be respected and protected . The European Union should focus its political action on protecting the principle of respect for human dignity from all forms of violation . Legislative measures are needed at Union level to protect the physical , mental and moral development of minors in relation to the content of all audiovisual and information services and measures to prevent minors in access to inappropriate adult programmes or services .
R720	It is proposed that the Council and the Commission pay particular attention to the implementation of this Recommendation when revising , negotiating and concluding new partnership agreements or new cooperation programmes with third countries , taking into account the global character of producers , distributors or providers of audiovisual content and internet access . By Decision No 276/1999/EC ( 6 ) , the European Parliament and the Council adopted a multi - annual Community action plan on promoting safer use of the Internet by combating illegal and harmful materials in global networks ( hereinafter referred to as the Safer Internet Action Plan ) . Decision No 1151/2003/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council ( 7 ) extended the Safer Internet Action Plan for two years and amended its scope by including measures to promote the exchange of information and coordination with relevant actors at national level , as well as specific provisions for acceding countries . Many provisions of Directive 2000/31/EC are also relevant for the protection of minors and human dignity , in particular Article 16(1)(e ) , under which the Member States and the Commission are to support the development of codes of conduct for the protection of minors and human dignity . I 'm sorry , but I think I 'm as qualified as you are . so life means life for the rest of his life ? Yeah .
R721	Even if I do n't agree with the principle of life - time , if they give it to me , it does n't change me . You know , my brain is like the sun . Ca n't just turn it off . and they know they do n't have a chance because you 're absolutely amazing ? I have to admit , I do n't have much to do with this boy - girl relationship , but these moments where you worship me keep you in the game . It 'd be nice to have a higher salary . I 'd stop taking money from my parents . Get up . There is no life , María , because we will not be separated . Pilar ! No , Pilar , I ca n't go ! No ! Oh Roberto ! Please do n't make me go ! No , Roberto , no ! God , it was lucky I convinced her to go . I do n't mind now . They 're gone . what it would be like if they got María instead of you . No , you fool , you did n't lie to María about the " now " ! Karrde saw that even though the surface of the water was to a minimum , her vortex still soothed both men 's legs to the knees . " All right , ladies and gentlemen , good - bye in space . "
R722	In addition to the adverse reactions described in Table 4 and 5 , additional adverse events with an incidence less than 0.1 % are observed with an incidence of less than 0.1 % : cardiomyopathy , heart failure , sudden death , and ventricular extrasystols . encephalopathy In addition to the adverse reactions described in Tables 4 and 5 , based on the above - mentioned analysis from clinical safety data from 7 clinical trials , encephalopathy was also associated with the use of capecitabine monotherapy with an incidence of less than 0.1 % . Elderly patients ( see section 4.2 ) It follows that the fact that the admissibility of an action for damages by the State on the ground that national legislation infringes Community law is subject to the condition that the injured party has previously challenged an administrative act adopted on the basis thereof is not , in principle , contrary to the principle of effectiveness if , in a timely challenge to the validity of the injurious act , the injured party could have obtained compensation for all the damage alleged . Well , that was a direct hit on the black . He gets a free steak . Did you have a good time ? Fine . That son of a bitch blew it like he knew exactly what was coming . He knew . What ? I told him . So one down ! Come on , Atom . Give them a hard time .
R723	Review report for the active substance Trichoderma harzianum ITEM 908 . SANCO/1840/08 - rev . 6 , 11 July 2014 . Review report for the active substance Trichoderma asperellum T34 . finalised by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health at its meeting on 20 November 2012 with a view to the inclusion of Trichoderma asperellum T34 in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC . SANCO/12614/2012 - rev . 4 , 20 November 2012 . Review report for the active substance Trichoderma atroviride strain I-1237 . finalised by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health at its meeting of 20 November 2012 in view of the inclusion of Trichoderma atroviride strain I-1237 in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC . SANCO/12620/2012 - rev . 4 , 20 November 2012 . Hi ! Okay , I 'm coming . Turn the music down , or I 'll throw it all out . I have to go . I 'll see you later . Yeah , so far . I 'll see you after two hours of Latin . I think the Pong came back some of my mom 's food . Yes , come on . Hi . You called me , you got a problem ? Well , with a computer ... anos personal life ... no . Is he the coolest guy in the hospital ? Oh , my God , somebody 's really messed with this . Looks like an obsessive two - year - old .
R724	How was your night ? Sweet . Thanks for the gelato . pistachios are still your favorite ? Create user $ { USER } ? Create this article Create three parties from the current staff staff . Create Requests Create Requests Create Request Paint by clone Create Squamous Clones ... Create Time Base creation time creation time Create Schedule Scheme Damn it , Larus , you 're here ! Sinus ! Hartad , open up ! || Chewing gum , whether or not sugar - coated , not containing 10 % or more by weight of rubber dry matter || METHOD OF CALCULATION : see comments 6.0 It ca n't be used . We know what we need , but we never get everything in a truck in one night . They think I know all the answers , but I do n't know them . he fell asleep , and it seemed to him that he was as big as a man . everything is so easy when you have human dimensions . Two days passed . The nomes patrolled the beam above the garage . they scattered a small plastic peephole , and with it came the news that the big metal doors to the garage were opening themselves when you pressed the red button next to them . he got into Masklin 's list of problems to solve . Gurder found the map . was in a pretty tiny book . " We have dozens of them every year .
R725	In the words of a great prophet , " I dare everything . " Me , Tony ... tony , you 're a real psycho . Martin ? What are you doing ? I 'm recording fucking Tony Wilson . we want you to produce one band for us . ( name of the last competent agency / last competent authority of the Member State which is party to the Agreement ) The Parties may decide by mutual agreement to invite agencies / administrations of other Member States to accede to this Agreement . What ? What are you saying ? C'est moi , blondie . precisely tailor - made . Have another one . Why ? and I 'm trying to figure out why . Why ? Yeah . they said you 'd understand . Alexander Conklin pressed the keys , and his eyes were red - rimmed by exhaustion , not looking at the computer screen , but on the pages of open diary that Jason had found at General Norman Swayne 's house . there was a two - piercing beep in the silence of the room - the system announced that he had found another match . He winked at the screen where R.G. 's green frame flickered . It went to the beginning of the record , but found nothing . he bent back to the keys and tapped like an automatic . another beep . the additive : They told us to get out and say something surprising .
R726	so I 'll try . the first is , frankly , something that is known for most of the recorded history . that the planet Earth , or the solar system , or our environment , and so on , is uniquely adapted to our evolution -- or creature , as we used to think -- Today the idea is a dramatic name : the spaceship Earth . that means , outside of this ship , the universe is inexorably hostile , while inside is all we have , everything our life depends on . ... and we only have this one chance : If we 're gon na mess up our ship , financial capacity A person whose income does not exceed GBP 5 000 per annum and whose assets are not more than GBP 350 ( these figures are continuously adjusted ) . Can legal aid be obtained for all disputes ? and walked away . Harry stood staring at her , his brain working frantically . Without enthusiasm , Joel approached the sink in the corner , but he was glad to be shining with cleanliness . Decision of the European Central Bank of 22 April 2004 laying down the measures necessary for the paying - up of the European Central Bank 's capital by the participating national central banks ( ECB/2004/6 )
R727	Decision of the European Central Bank of 22 April 2004 laying down the terms and conditions for transfers of the European Central Bank 's capital shares between the national central banks and for the adjustment of the paid - up capital ( ECB/2004/7 ) Decision of the European Central Bank of 22 April 2004 laying down the measures necessary for the contribution to the European Central Bank 's accumulated equity value , for adjusting the NCBs ' claims equivalent to the transferred foreign reserve assets and for related financial issues ( ECB/2004/8 ) Decision of the European Central Bank of 22 April 2004 amending Decision ECB/2001/15 of 6 December 2001 on the issue of euro banknotes ( ECB/2004/9 ) EN Acts whose titles are printed in light type are those relating to day - to - day management of agricultural matters , and are generally valid for a limited period . The names of all other acts are printed in bold type and preceded by an asterisk . II Acts whose publication is not obligatory European Central Bank EN Official Journal of the European Union L 205/1 GUIDELINE OF THE EUROPEAN CENTRAL BANK of 21 April 2004 amending Guideline ECB/2001/3 on a Trans - European Automated Real - time Gross settlement Express Transfer system ( TARGET ) I was just stumbling in the courtyard , scratching my eyes . and then I saw it again , but she was gone . " And you think I have it here ? " Hi ! Hi .
R728	Just the guy I 'm looking for . Me ? my office offers a summer internship . and I wrote you down on it . . . . well . . . Did you get me an unpaid job ? You would be colleagues ! How long before we go home ? We came eight minutes ago ! it sounds really great , but ... It 's embarrassing . 6.1.2.2.6 . During normal use , the reflecting surface shall retain the characteristics referred to in 6.1.2.2.5 even after exposure to adverse weather conditions . 6.1.3 . Tests Classes I to VI and Section VII ( with the same installation as Class III mirrors ) shall be tested as described in paragraphs 6.1.3.2.1 and 6.1.3.2.2 . In such cases , a description specifying that the mirror must be fitted in such a way as to comply with the above conditions of the positioning of its attachments on the vehicle must be provided . If this exception applies , the holder must be indelibly marked with the mark and this must be recorded in the type - approval certificate .
R729	Description of the test rig The test apparatus consists of a pendulum capable of swinging around two horizontal axes perpendicular to each other , one of which is perpendicular to the plane of the path of the pendulum running . At the end of the pendulum there is a hammer formed by a rigid sphere with a diameter of 165 ± 1 mm coated with a 5 mm thick rubber and hardness 50 by Shore A . A support firmly attached to the structure of the pendulum is used to hold the specimens in accordance with the requirements for the impact test specified in paragraph 6.1.3.2.2.6 . Figure 1 shows the dimensions of the test apparatus ( in mm ) and special design data : now what ? " she knew the answer , Tegger guessed . what she was doing was for her own pleasure . " You 're fighting for your share . Stop talking about how old you are ! I feel like you 're five . Esther ! You 're welcome . Tommy 's gon na be there ? I 'm responsible for his education , and this is definitely going to be nurturing . Mrs. Winters . It 's all right . Watch out ! you do n't want to scalp you ! I do n't know his father 's name . Did you ever take that key off your neck ? Something we need , like an energy cell that 's gon na trade for something that he needs .
R730	So this is very unlikely . Use the fucking brain , Santana . He could have rearranged the order , Santana . So ... you think that sometime in the last few hours he took this from my neck without noticing , he did what he needed to return the fucking key to my fucking neck without fucking noticing ? Is that what you 're trying to tell me ? There 's a reason he 's who he is . he 's a convict . Do what you want . The producer may have one or two individual reference quantities , one for deliveries and the other for direct sales . changes from one reference quantity of a producer to another may be carried out only by the competent authority of the Member State at the duly justified request of the producer . [ 2 ] OJ C 104 , 6.4.1998 . [ 3 ] OJ C 73 , 9.3.1998 . ( b ) the facilities needed to provide the appropriate port service under normal and safe conditions and the ability to maintain such equipment at an appropriate level ; ( c ) compliance with maritime safety requirements or the safety and security of port or access to a port , its premises , facilities and persons ; d ) compliance with local , national , Union and international environmental protection requirements . over - use of products containing gentamicin could lead to an increased risk of theoretically possible adaptive resistance .
R731	the benefit - risk assessment The CVMP considered the benefit - risk balance of injectable veterinary medicinal products containing gentamicin in horses to be positive in this indication : " For the treatment of infections of the lower respiratory tract in horses caused by Gram - negative bacteria susceptible to gentamicin . " ' One dose of 6.6 mg / kg body weight intravenously once daily for 3 - 5 consecutive days . body weight should be determined as accurately as possible to avoid underdosing or overdose . Do not exceed the dosing regimen . " Therefore , the use of the product in foals is not recommended . | Interest income on assets in the form of securities to be sold | 41 538 192.56 Richard was standing over him , still on his guard , but he was increasingly embarrassed . He stepped back so Reg could get up and sit in a chair . " But thank you for taking my word for it . " " Horse , " Richard repeated . " Yes , " said Reg . Richard stepped out , peered down the stairs , and came back . You fill the hole with blackened bread so the sound wo n't change . The Vincenzoni system-- it works at 100 % . Cut it here and here . What do you want with me ? Shut up , I 'm talking . and what did I say ? Why ?
R732	If we leave you here , you can raise the alarm and set us up for the time we need to escape . I only have 10 months left , but if I run , it 'll ruin my life . wife and children end up in poverty on the street . " I did n't know you did it to feed your family . " Forgive me . " Forgive me ? I do n't forgive snitches , I despise them . I 'm sure you 'll talk . - No . - Even if you get a beating ? The European Commission - European Judicial Network - Automatic processing - Community law THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 10 - 12 - 2009 Automatic processing - Community law will soon be available in the language requested s Last update : 10 - 12 - 2009 We create products that help and heal . Virtanen is family . one that I hope to be a part of for many future years . Dana Miller , Lawson 's mistress . She had an affair with him . Good work , Finch .
R733	It would n't be too hard for someone working in a pharmaceutical company to make murder look like a natural death . I never thought I 'd know the truth about what happened . We 've talked about this . I do n't want you in that sense . and that 's just perfect . That 's great . Do I like you ? It 's okay . purely physically . at first sight . Speak . You have nice eyes . Your lips . I 'm kissing . The highest value allowed for the group referred to in point 4.1 remains unchanged . [ Definition of the aircraft financing business division ] HSH 's aviation division offers aircraft financing solutions worldwide . HSH acts as an organiser and a leading bank , particularly as regards the financing of assets and projects . [ Resignation on the business division of international real estate ] HSH resigns from international real estate financing in accordance with the amended restructuring plan . Aid in the form of reductions of or exemptions from environmental taxes 6.1 . Explain how the reductions of or exemptions from environmental taxes contribute at least indirectly to an improvement in the protection of the environment and justify why the tax concessions and exemptions do not make it impossible to comply with the general objective : I did n't say that . You understand everything , you know ? This is a secret message .
R734	he disappeared . Now it 's in their hands , OK ? I wanted to be nice to you . You 've shut us down for so many years ! For what ? ! to show the world how nice you are and we the bad guys ? ! Fuck you ! You are real terrorists ! Hey , quiet ! In that regard , it is immaterial whether the rule of national law in question adopted after the entry into force of the directive in question is intended to transpose that directive or not ( ATRAL , paragraph 59 , and Mangold , paragraph 68 ) . 25 days ago , Tony Stark unleashed a prototype satellite he designed himself . was to create and transmit free energy into the world . Stark 's energizer . but at the end of the speech , the UN was dissolved , and Mr. Stark took over . Stark Industries has taken over all the UN functions . And Iron Man started sending units ... of remote - controlled armored men , along with members of the Avengers , all over the world . Plus , the Stark Industries factory ... was opened all over the world . Where are the Avengers now ? Yellow Jacket is currently in London .
R735	Article 7 Any decision taken pursuant to the provisions adopted in implementation of this Directive to refuse or withdraw EC component type - approval for roll - over protection structures and their tractor attachments , or to prohibit their placing on the market or their use , shall set out in detail the reasons on which it is based . Article 8 1 . As regards costs , I propose that the European Commission and Zellstoff Stendal GmbH bear their own costs . 1 - Original language : French . " The most private . My enemies have spies . " Marsa nodded as if he understood . Maybe Whitehead suspected Luther or Pearl . perhaps Toye , who was so obvious to persona non grata . " These people are responsible for the current decline of my company . it 's all carefully thought out . " He shrugged , but his eyes were razor blades . God , Marty thought , I would never want to be on a different side than this guy . If they want me to go bankrupt , please . but I would n't want my most intimate feelings to be released to them . Do you understand ? " " Do n't worry . " " No . " Great . That 's hilarious . Right here , please . We 'll take a picture of you , remove your fingerprints . Trina , you were really lucky .
R736	18 As regards the goods in question , the applicant states , first of all , that they are normally of the same origin . In this context , it submits documents accompanied by testimonies of witnesses as evidence to show the existence of German wine cellars and cellars , which also produced fruit juices , fruit wines , fruit sparkling wines and wine mixed drinks . The applicant considers , moreover , that the existence of cellars which also market table water , even mineral water , can not be excluded . Finally , they claim that , on the contrary , the producers of the drinks referred to in the trade mark application also expand their production series . 19 The applicant also submits that the final products in question are similar . The advertising which relates to them is similar to that of a person who experiences a moment of well - being in the drink in question . The drinks included in the trade mark application , and in particular the alcoholic fruit drinks , also enjoy , like sparkling wines , also on special occasions and , like those drinks , sparkling wines , like such drinks . besides , there are other sparkling drinks than just wine . Finally , the applicant submits that , like sparkling wines , they may be made , inter alia , from grapes of certain non - alcoholic drinks , fruit drinks and other fruit juices .
R737	The same monotonous work still has the same monotonous work - an English impostor , who thinks he can find a safe place to hide , because Jamaica is far away from London . Gippini Fournier , Agent ) The subject - matter of the case First , an application for revocation or reduction of the fine imposed on the applicants pursuant to Article 2(b ) of Commission Decision C(2003 ) 4820 final of 16 December 2003 relating to a proceeding under Article 81 [ EC ] and Article 53 of the EEA Agreement ( Case COMP / E-1/38.240 - Industrial tubes ) and , second , the Commission 's counterclaim to increase that fine . you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body make better use of your blood sugar . It is important to continue the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while you are taking Tesavel . It 's a trap , is n't it ? I 'll go . No . We 'll go . Captain Williams , Corporal Standish , will come with us . But they 're not dressed , Chuma . for the church to be buried again . This , and ... They want Father Francis . He says that the toon brought the evil and the soldiers here . He must die , like that boy .
R738	" You and Tom , in spite of all your bickering , have done a good job . I was very afraid that we would n't find Constantine . You did a great job . " I knew where you were going , " she said calmly . " So the computer is already so set ; a single signal can be destroyed by a single signal . Whatever you say . Nice ceremony , is n't it ? Wonderful . I did n't expect her to be so young . We ca n't spend another day without talking . I 'll finish it with Angela , I have proof . for example , I did n't cry at the ceremony , you did . right . and you should n't . I needed ten years to get away with it . I finally did it . Lydia , trust me , it 's over . I traveled with Angela . like I 'm writing a travel manual . in fact , I wanted to keep her away from Madrid and the drugs . Urinary retention , dysuria and urinary retention were reported in controlled clinical studies with retigabine usually within the first 8 weeks of treatment ( see section 4.8 ) . Now go . " ' Why are these creatures chasing you , Meneer ? ' asked the Parson . I warned people about the approaching terrible misfortunes . " " So they think you are a traitor ?
R739	God spoke to me and told me his prophecy . " ' If it was indeed him , Meneer , he would protect you from danger . So far , it looks like you just escaped from the law of your king . No real prophet is afraid of the actions of kings . Elijah stood up to Ahab , Moses to Pharaoh and Jesus to the Romans . " , if you have obtained partial legal aid with court costs , you must pay the rest on your own . It is however important that decision on legal aid does not release the loosing party from paying back the legal proceedings costs incurred by the wining party . Legal aid is governed by Civil Procedure Code , the law on court costs in civil matters and the law on legal aid in civil proceedings before the courts of EU Member States . Can I benefit from legal aid ? A natural person can benefit from legal aid providing that he can not afford the costs of legal proceeding without harm to his or his family maitenance . A legal person can benefit from legal aid if it has no recourses to afford the proceeding . When all these conditions are satisfied , the court can rule that applicant is entitled to assistance . some groups are automatically excluded from all court costs . She 's crawling like a bug . I 'm Mack Rattray , and here 's my wife , Denise . Hi .
R740	Do you know how many people sleep with vampires today ? and sometimes these people disappear . He 's not the type . You only talked to him for a minute . You have n't thought about how many people he 's drained from his body in the last few centuries he 's been alive . Yeah , but synthetic blood has everything ... Are you willing to touch every one of your favorite meals and drink the rest of your life just to Slim - Fast ? You know , people always underestimated me . Yeah , man , you did . ( b ) to address market crises ; and ( c ) to carry out other activities transferred by members in accordance with Article 5 . total wage cost followed the same trend . However , productivity per worker , although rising by 2001 , fell in 2002 . This can be clearly attributed to the fact that one new production plant was in the start - up phase . No evidence of impairment was found during the investigation . The GOI and four exporters claimed that the trends in employment , productivity and wages do not support the conclusion on the material injury suffered in the present case . It should be noted , however , that no such conclusion has been made for employment and efficiency . On average per employee , wages decreased slightly ( see table below ) .
R741	Subsidies amount and overcoming past subsidisation According to the volume and in particular the prices of the subsidised imports from India , the impact of the current subsidy level , which is significant , can not be considered to be negligible . In this context , the GOI and three exporters claimed that the subsidy margin was overstated . This is a clear finding of significant subsidisation . The situation of the Community industry has improved over the period considered , but the industry has not yet completely overcome subsidisation and continues to be weakened . VI . Introduction 2.1 The EESC has already adopted a number of opinions on Galileo ( 1 ) . 2.2 It is important for Galileo to be operational and to function as soon as possible so that , like the United States , Europe has its own satellite navigation system and does not depend on others to provide it . 2.3 From the point of view of individual Galileo States , it will enhance security and ensure revenue from a commercial point of view . national accounts shall comply with the data exchange format referred to in Article 9 . Article 11 Special accounts in the Community Registry 1 . The detailed financial terms of the Union 's macro - financial assistance shall be laid down in a grant agreement and loan agreement agreed between the Commission and the Kyrgyz authorities .
R742	In that Opinion , the Consultative Working Party of the Legal Services also took the view that the wording of Article 6(3 ) of Directive 77/91/EEC , as reproduced in Article 6(2 ) of the proposed codified version , could be understood as creating a secondary legal basis . Having regard to the judgment of the Court of Justice of 6 May 2008 in Case C-133/06 , in order to avoid doubts and for reasons of legal certainty , the two institutions requested that the provision in question be reworded in the codified version . Whereas such a change would entail a change in content and would therefore go beyond the simple codification , it was considered necessary to apply point 8[4 ] of the Interinstitutional Agreement of 20 December 1994 - an accelerated working method for official codification of legislation , having regard to the joint declaration on that point [ 5 ] . I visit him every year . Looks like I 'm going to write it down as a business trip this year . Hey , Morgan . Jeff said you wanted to see me ? Yes , yes , yes . I just wanted to see how you were treating you at the Buy More . I 've seen him , like , 10 times . Yeah , I ca n't get enough of that new French wave . It 's not just about her , it 's about people and culture , is it ? Oh , my .
R743	I asked for directions . That 's not what I meant . Why are you here ? We 'll talk at home . You ca n't go home ! So you do n't know how to contact the thief ? Go to the police and explain . Why run ? I do n't have time to go to the station and explain everything . They would drag me away from the devil . And I do n't have time for that . You do n't look that much to me . Can I stay with you for a few days ? No , it 's not ... it 's okay . I 'm more concerned that you would n't be comfortable . Is he asleep here ? The Captain and I fought all kinds of villains . like the Giant Dwarf . Senor Eskimo Goldberg . What the hell am I ? She had the decency to have bullets tucked between her legs . But I 'm not ... the captain 's girl . Oh , no ! Ling - Ling bad ! | Lead waste and scrap | Manufacture from materials of any heading , except that of the product
R744	To this end , the Commission asked the companies to provide information concerning the production and sales of the product concerned . I - sook , it 's you ! Jin - sung could have been alive if I had knocked him down that day . If you had n't stopped me , Jin - sung could have lived . That 's not true ! You want to forget all this ? Throw everything on me ? Jin - sung ! It 's not your mother . perhaps the thrust of tsuki could defeat him . Excuse me . Come on in . but ... you ca n't stay out there . It 's just a shower . That will be chosen . Can I please stay here for a moment ? My name is Hyoma Utsugi , a student of Teacher Shimada . Omatsu ! What are you doing ? Excuse me . KORYU JIPPORYU STYL Teaching teacher ? I have n't operated in three days . He hit me first . Well , he lost a patient . Boo - hoo ! And now I 'm gon na crawl over to him and beg for forgiveness ? What .. ? I came to our pediatrician and unpacked her in front of the girl she was on a date with , You got into a fistfight . A hand ! Oh , my God , I forgot . I should talk to him ? Yes , sir . Stay with Sergeant Horvath .
R745	to me . I 'll watch him like an eye in my head , Captain ! Stick with me . Okay . Reibene , where 's the captain from ? now , I think it 's $ 300 . We put the money in the bank . For five bucks you can join . Careful . Take cover to the gate . Someone has to know where he 's from and what he 's been doing . The Parties shall endeavour to create conditions favourable to the promotion of relations between enterprises of the Parties in the technical , economic and commercial spheres , by encouraging the creation of environmentally friendly and investment - friendly investment and investment . WOMAN : B.B. bravuro . We want Payne alive ... if there 's anything left of him . Be cool , B.B. " This is Garcia . Can anyone hear me ? " the radio croaked . Coffey turned quickly and flipped it . " Garcia ! what 's going on ? " " Nothing , sir , except that the current still does n't work . but I have Tom Allen here . he wants to talk to you . " " Then give it to me . " " This is Allen . Mr. Coffey , it 's getting too long . There 's nothing we can do until the power comes .
R746	You 're running out of time , Cole ! What are we doing here ? Keep your heads down before the shooting stops . you 'll only have one shot . If you get them to the alley ... ... I 'll make it work . Wherever it 's narrow and there 's no cover there , it 's the last place you want to be when the bullets start flying . Thank you , Michael . Looks like I 'm gon na be able to pick my reward , eventually . You got ta be kidding me . I guess you were right about me . You know ... I heard that Antigua is really nice this time of year . Maybe the ride was a treasure . they probably got there by now , and they left without me or the wheels -- A friend who likes to shoot . can we shoot them ? underlined , as long as you 're burned , you 're not going anywhere . Sam ! In every emergency , the greatest enemy of the operative is panic . We 'll be there in two minutes . Go , Fi ! Go ! Everybody out !
R747	EU European Commission - European Judicial Network - Parental responsibility - Malta THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 02 - 01 - 2006 Parental responsibility - Malta TABLE OF CONTENTS What is the legal term " parental responsibility " ? I do n't think so . I love you , Tim . I always wanted him . What 's wrong with it ? the elixir of youth I invented . Who you growling at , fat boy ? Go , please . The blue team finally made it . You can leave today , proud . We got it . Clearly , a great feeling . I 'm not saying you . Fine , I 'll go . It pisses me off . Elise is right , Carrie has to go home . I was confused . all the time . I admit the lamb 's on me . We 're brothers , right ? You got ta be kidding me ! Look out ! Good . How are you , Henry ? Hey , kid . You go ahead , and I 'll catch up with you . OK , but do n't be too long .
R748	Your money is safe . Open it . You 'll have them tomorrow . I would cut off a hand for such betrayal , but you need it to play . Wait for me there . up the stairs . You should find another boyfriend . Find Mathis . You changed your shirt , Mr Bond . all MH1d The time that the respondent felt tired or out of energy over the last two weeks Not several days more than half the days Nearly every day missing ( do n't know , refusal ) all MH1e The time that the respondent felt or overeating , over the last two weeks Not several days more than half the days Nearly every day missing ( do n't know , refusal ) all MH1f The time that the respondent has felt bad about it had a feeling of personal failure , over the last two weeks not several days more than half the days Nearly every day missing ( do n't know , refusal ) all MH1h The time that the respondent moved or spoke so slowly that others have noticed or have been unusually nervous or restless , over the last two weeks not several days more than half the days Nearly every day missing ( do n't know , refusal ) All Health care Use of bed or day care HO 1 Admission to hospitalisation in bed in the last 12 months Yes No missing ( do n't know , refusal )
R749	Maybe it 's time to download it . Wait . What ? All he thinks about is how we 're gon na get them . What does he know ? He knows we 're close . I know that , and so do you . has already shown that . We throw this kid to the lions , and if it goes wrong ... Jarek , this can get us everything we 've been working on . in the case of territorial jurisdiction , the principle of perpetuatio fori is applicable ( § 11(1 ) of the Code of Civil Procedure ) , i.e. for the purposes of determining which court has jurisdiction , the circumstances prevailing at the time when the proceedings begin are relevant . However , the law provides for exceptions to this principle . The transfer of jurisdiction applies exclusively from a territorial jurisdiction in proceedings which last for longer on account of the nature of the case ( e.g. judicial care of minors , commercial register ) . Exceptions to the general rule a ) When can I choose between the court in the place where the defendant lives ( court determined by the application of the basic rule ) and another court ? This involves specific discretionary territorial jurisdiction when the plaintiff may choose between an ordinary court and the courts referred to in § 87 of the Code of Civil Procedure .
R750	in the case of guardianship of a minor , the competent court from a territorial point of view is that in whose area the minor has his place of residence on the basis of a parental agreement or court decision or other decisive facts . of other exclusive jurisdiction is the jurisdiction of a court within whose area immovable property is located , if the proceedings concern a right to such property ( this relates mainly to rights in rem and not claims under an obligation ) . Prorogation agreement : Under § 89a of the Code of Civil Procedure , the parties to a commercial case may agree that a court other than that determined by law is to have territorial jurisdiction , if exclusive territorial jurisdiction does not apply . Fine . Thank you , darling . I have an emergency now . I have to go . I 'm sorry . Hey , young man . That 's it . Go to your mom . You do n't have to apologize . Purple means pride . Bev , look at me ! We are queens tonight ! and we do n't care about some stupid , sexist , commercial holiday . Ted ! I thought you were gon na persuade Marshall to go back to New York . Why do n't we just stay here before Valentine 's Day is over ? Can I get you some orange juice ? No ! from Peru goes straight to Kenya , so ...
R751	Hey , guys . Sorry I 'm late . Hi , Nora . What is it ? double americano . without cream and sugar . Just the way you like it . I almost forgot . Bye , bye . What 's going on ? Thank you for joining us , gentlemen . I 'm certain you 've all learned that the CIA is not interested in stealing Alexander 's mask . We believe this artifact , and probably others , are used to smuggle other objects through customs . objects that are the interest of the Circle . This happened three months ago at a national museum in Damascus . The value of an audiovisual work is linked to a specific language , and most audiovisual media services focus primarily on national audiences or , where appropriate , on common language groups . The precise extent of the problem and the added value resulting from the extension of the country of origin principle should be evaluated . Consideration must also be given to the reasons why more than 15 years after the application of the Directive , this approach does not appear to lead to a widespread presence of pan - European satellite broadcasting services 55 . This Single European Copyright Code could be based on the codification of existing EU Copyright Directives , with the need to go beyond current harmonisation .
R752	This could also be the opportunity to explore whether there is a need to update the exemptions from copyright and their restrictions allowed under the Information Society Directive56 . Is n't it possible that your view of the administration ... ... is distorted ? Oh , no . How can you say that ... ... if you were n't a part of it ? I had many friends in the judiciary . also from newspapers and books . newspapers and books ? " The National Socialist Government introduced , among other things , sterilization . " You are aware that the sterilization has not been made by the National Socialists ... ... but that it has been used for years as a weapon ... ... against mentally handicapped and criminals . I 'm aware of that . I 'm not an expert on that right . I fully understand . Hey . We 'll bounce around the corner . Brady ca n't look better than me . Your son 's godfather baptized himself with a very cheap cologne . Look , if you do n't want to go to that school , just tell him you do n't want to go . I do n't know what I want to do . I mean , do you think we could all talk about it ? 36 .' ; ( 19 ) OJ L 124 , 20.5.2003 , p. ( 5 ) OJ L 95 , 21.4.1993 , p. 29 .' Do n't think about it .
R753	[ 72 ] See Introductory Note 6 . [ 74 ] See Introductory Note 6 . [ 75 ] See Introductory Note 6 . [ 77 ] For special conditions relating to products made of a mixture of textile materials , see Introductory Note 5 . [ 78 ] See Introductory Note 6 . [ 79 ] For knitted or crocheted articles , not elastic or rubberised , obtained by sewing or assembling pieces of knitted or crocheted fabrics ( cut out or knitted directly to shape ) , see Introductory Note 6 . [ 81 ] For knitted or crocheted articles , not elastic or rubberised , obtained by sewing or assembling pieces of knitted or crocheted fabrics ( cut out or knitted directly to shape ) , see Introductory Note 6 . [ 82 ] For special conditions relating to products made of a mixture of textile materials , see Introductory Note 5 . [ 83 ] For special conditions relating to products made of a mixture of textile materials , see Introductory Note 5 . the program is running . Engaging metaphasic shield . hull temperature is dropping . The Borg ship is not following us . Freeze . The Borg ship has taken position against us . they 'll wait for us to surface . The question is how long we can stay here . Well , I did everything Geordi said . How do we know the pulse rebooted Data 's ethics program ?
R754	Special provisions apply to consumer contracts ( Article 5 ) and individual employment contracts ( Article 6 ) , with the aim of protecting the party assumed to be the weaker . the law applicable to the contract typically determines : the substantive conditions of validity of the contract ( with the exception of capacity ) and , possibly , formal requirements;the effects of the contract ( interpretation , fulfilment of obligations , consequences of total or partial non - fulfilment , assessment of damages ) ; grounds for extinguishing the parties ' obligations . III.2 . Non - contractual obligations The Rome II Community Regulation will henceforth cover a large part of this area . The French system meets the general rule in which the applicable law is the law of the place where the offence was committed , but with a number of specific rules according to the case - law or international agreements to which France is party and adapted to certain situations : the application of the law of the place where the damage occurred to be caused by unfair competition , the application of the law of the place where the damage occurred to be caused by unfair competition . , the rules of the Hague Convention of 4 May 1971 on the Law Applicable to Travel Accidents , the rules of the Hague Convention of 2 October 1973 on the Law Applicable to Products Liability . right - to - left direction options Set permissions for offline use Contacts Options
R755	Show Name and Folders offline directory offline rules delegates Assign Permissions Search Text account Save as Web Page security information Defendant : Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market ( Trade Marks and Designs ) ( represented by : K. Klüpfel and D. Walicka , acting as Agent ) Other party to the proceedings before the Board of Appeal of OHIM , intervener before the General Court : Lactimilk , SA ( Madrid , Spain ) ( represented by : casamitjana Lleonart , lawyer ) Euro - Lex - 31990L0425 - EN Avis juridique important 31990L0425 Official Journal L 224 , 18/08/1990 P. 0029 - 0041 Finnish special edition : June 1990 concerning veterinary and zootechnical checks applicable in intra - Community trade in certain live animals and products with a view to the completion of the internal market ( 90/425/EEC ) rice is packaged in paper sacks with the label of the company concerned and the protective name . The words ' Riso Nano Vialone Veronese PGI ' must be written on the label . The logo consists of a representation of Cangrande della Scala on a white horse with a yellow rice latte on a black background ; under this , the city crest of Verona is with a red ladder on a yellow background . [ 85 ] Outputs are products and services to be supplied ( e.g. : number of student exchanges financed , number of km of roads built , etc . ) . ( CYP3A inhibition ) everolimus antiplatelet PREPARATIONS
R756	and when the church is rebuilt , they 'll all come back . You can send your trust to our parish . I 'll tell you what I 'm talking about . To be clear , we 're not looking for a subject with the highest intelligence , in fact , we prefer ... rather , the opposite . Excuse me for a moment . That 's ... Excuse me ... I just wanted to punch that rat and solve your problems with her . Oh , no , no , no , no , please , it 's our lab rat . His name is Armitage Shanks . If she can solve the maze , she gets cheese . we would like to try to apply this preparation to a human . What do you think of something like that ? So , cheese ? Well , good . Oh , shit ! What 's your name , young man ? Give me Corporal Benedict . You 're a genius . Corporal Benedict . Corporal Benedict ! We all love you . Yeah ! - What ? Have you ever touched helmets before ? Massage my helmet , it 's so soft . What was that ? Okay , Chuck .
R757	Paragraphs 68 and 71 are amended . A new paragraph 139C is added . Statement of financial position Current assets An entity 's operating cycle is the period between the purchase of assets for processing and their execution in the form of cash or cash equivalents . If the entity 's normal operating cycle is not clearly identifiable , it is assumed to last twelve months . short - term assets include assets ( such as inventories and commercial receivables ) that are sold , consumed or realised as part of the normal operating cycle even if they are not expected to be realised within 12 months of the reporting period . short - term assets also include assets that are primarily used for trading ( examples are some financial assets that are classified as held for trading in accordance with IAS 39 ) and the short - term part of non - current financial assets . Short - term liabilities Other current liabilities are not settled within the normal operating cycle but are payable for reimbursement in 12 months after the reporting period or held principally for trading . Examples are some financial liabilities classified as held for trading in accordance with IAS 39 , overdrafts , short - term financial liabilities , dividends payable , income taxes and other non - trade liabilities .
R758	Transitional PROVISIONS AND EFFECTIVE DATE 139C Paragraphs 68 and 71 were amended by Improvements to International Financial Reporting Standards issued in May 2008 . The entity shall apply those amendments for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2009 . An earlier application is permitted . If an entity applies the amendments for an earlier period , it shall disclose that fact . Amendments to International Accounting Standard 16 Property , Plant and Equipment Paragraphs 6 and 69 are amended . Gray ? What do you mean ? In international tax law , the principle of fiscal territoriality is not defined by the Court of Justice ( 35 ) , even though it has been recognised by the Court of Justice ( 35 ) . and she said , " That 's a lot like that . " I said : ' No , the cupcake is a cupcake . Cake pop is a cake on a stick . " we 're grown - ups , and we argue over cookies . But the real problem is that her daughter , Alicia , is nice , but she 's not very hot , but my daughter ... Hi , Eva . Good to see you . Come on up . Great . Excuse me . 20 . ( 4 ) OJ L 126 , 12.5.1984 , p. 20 . ( 4 ) Constitutional requirements indicated .
R759	Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on the day of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . It shall apply from 1 October 2011 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Let 's go . What ? What 's in it for me ? What 's in it for you ? Relax . Let 's talk about it . It 's gon na make you feel like I 'm not gon na kill you . Understand ? Okay , you convinced me . You 're tough . we should sabotage something here . Great . We 've got about 10 minutes . However , some previously unforeseen legislative gaps , ambiguity , complications or obstacles may prevent the achievement of a reliable legal result , at least within a reasonable time . shortcomings within one national legal framework may , for example , cause difficulties for aspects governed by a different legal order . The EU will also continue to support the mandate and the work of the Special Rapporteur
R760	the managing authority ( national , regional or local public authority or public body responsible for the management of the operational programme ) ; the certifying authority ( national , regional or local public authority or public body responsible for verifying the declarations of expenditure and applications for payment before they are sent to the Commission ) ; the audit authority ( national , regional or local public authority or public body responsible for verifying the effective functioning of the management and control system ) . The exception to this rule is that the ERDF and the Cohesion Fund intervene jointly for programmes covering infrastructure and environment . Commitment Budget commitments relating to the operational programmes are made per annual proportion , for each fund and objective . The Commission shall adopt the first annual proportion before the adoption of the operational programme . a portion of the budgetary commitment is automatically decommitted by the Commission if it has not been used or if no payment application has been received by the end of the second year following that of the budgetary commitment ( n+2 ) For Bulgaria , the Czech Republic , Estonia , Greece , Cyprus , Latvia , Lithuania , Hungary , Malta , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Slovenia and Slovakia , the deadline is set for the end of the third year ( n+3 ) between 2007 and 2010 , under their operational programmes . targeting of the Lisbon strategy :
R761	The Commission and the Member States oversee that 60 % of the expenditure of all Member States for Convergence and 75 % of the expenditure for Competitiveness and Employment target these priorities . Click here ( PDF , 79 KB ) to view the categories of expenditure . The trend continues to be negative , especially outside protected areas . 2.7 The Commission deals with the first results of a study on the economic value of ecosystems and biodiversity ( The Economics of ecosystems and biodiversity - TEEB ( 2 ) - Sukhdevv report ) . This report was similar to that of the Stern Report in the field of climate protection : not only for ethical and moral reasons but also for economic reasons , biodiversity must be maintained . " This loss of biodiversity and ecosystems threatens the viability of our planet , our economy , and human society .
R762	You must have known about this . you were the one who got me adopted . No , it 's not a coincidence . Fate . Evidently fate with a sense of humor . So you 're playing a loving grandfather now ? they wo n't accept you , no matter what you do . We 'll see about that . I 've seen it , Golde . I 've seen your dark heart , and it always wins . every time you choose the darkness . You think you know me , darling . I know you well enough . If your own son could n't turn you into good , then who did ? Flip , help us ! King ! I ca n't tell you where I am . It 's classified . You really are ... Go ahead . You kill my whole family ! I 'm telling you , her husband 's not normal . No . How can you say he 's not normal ? according to his phone calls . Ling called 100 to 200 times a day . It 's happening in your backyard ! And if you ca n't take care of it , we 'll do it . If you fail , and if the only way to stop it is to direct the air strike , then that 's exactly what 's gon na happen . I understand . Moscow and Beijing are the same with us . Of course .
R763	Is he your uncle ? Nothing will happen to him if he tells the truth . Sure . Do you really believe that ? Yes , I know that . Empty selection . disables a regular expression search . disables the whole word . Enable case preservation when replacing text . disables case preservation when replacing text . disables the display of white spaces . Enable overwrite mode . disables overwriting mode . reached the end of a record set . the record has been deleted . I know . Thanks . Can I ask you a question ? What the hell is that dog doing ? It 's not exactly Thanksgiving you planned ... ... but I find it really great , you know ? However , I mean , if you went to Vail , you would be with your family , and you should n't ... ... syphilis and all ... ... we would n't be together now , you know , I mean ... ... I 'm thankful ... ... that all the plans for Thanksgiving have fallen apart . Thank you . you ca n't move , you ca n't , you ca n't . Rachel 's right , this is where you belong . Sometimes when I 'm home alone , I look here and I see you ... ... you 're having dinner ... ... or you 're watching TV , and ... ... I feel better .
R764	Now , when I look here , who am I gon na see ? Any ghosts or punks ? They 're not gon na make me feel better . Do n't move , stay here ... ... and maybe you 'll close the curtains for the night . We ca n't wait much longer , sir . Every soldier and policeman has installed barricades , but they 've all failed . Now they 've reached Seoul . | Source : Commission and Level 3 Committees and calculations ANNEX 2 Methodology used and main underlying assumptions for the financial model of the Authority The costs of establishing a European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority have been estimated according to three cost categories : staff costs , infrastructure costs and operating costs , in line with the general cost classification used in the accounts of existing EU regulatory agencies . Total costs of the creation of EIOPA were estimated at around EUR 10,587 million in the first year of activity ( 2011 ) , reaching EUR 16,998 million after two years ( 2013 ) - see Annex 1 . Hello , this is Miss Bryce 's house ... Hello , this is Bryce 's house ... Please do n't answer my phone . It rang . I think it 'll be again . Sit down . Reroute all calls to the office in Denver . Aspen brings many good jobs to people What did you go for ? and that 's where you come in .
R765	I have to tell you , but if I 'm right , it 'll break your heart , and if I 'm wrong , you 'll hate me forever . and that would seriously break my heart . So if you can , call me when you get this . If you want to play the message , press the asterisk . Regulation ( EC ) No 767/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 9 July 2008 concerning the Visa Information System ( VIS ) and the exchange of data between Member States on short - stay visas ( VIS Regulation ) ( OJ L 218 , 13.8.2008 , p. 60 ) . Council Regulation No 1104/2008/EC of 24 October 2008 on migration from the Schengen Information System ( SIS 1 + ) to the second generation Schengen Information System ( SIS II ) ( OJ L 299 , 8.11.2008 , p. 1 ) . It 's great , trust me . There are children around . He frowned , smiled , then tried to do both at the same time , which he failed to do , grabbed his hairy hat , and swung it furiously on the pub . He could not make a different conclusion from all of this than that he had just won . ' So if you 'd kindly come down here and lie down ... ' said Ford Prefect . " What ? " said Prosser .
R766	I think you do n't think so . but we both know you do . He joined in , and ... You know I do n't . That 's nonsense . I was n't avoiding you . Wait ! What ? Fine . But what 's valuable to Zaphod Beeblebrox ? Come on ... setting and Themes > general . No . No , we ca n't . My wife is unrecognizable . I mean , look at me , Charlie . I 'm ... I 'm a broken , hopelessly neurotic , middle - aged man ... ... who does n't know who he is or where he belongs . No ... no woman , no home , nothing . I thought I 'd stop by . Do you know how we talked about the Silly Putty thing that night ? First the embarrassment ... ... of people who thought I had sired a little thief . Then all the trouble with how to invent smart hiding places ... ... where to hide my jewelry in front of his little thieving fingers . We need to find them before the feds find them . Nate 's not gon na rat me out . What do you say ? You know , but I do . Take him to the cabin . So now you 're making the decisions , huh ? Before Clay gets out , the vice president 's patch says I 'm pulling that shit on my back .
R767	We find them . Did you call Trammel ? Trammel called us looking for Clay . I really need to find out . I just trust him . He 's just trying to help me understand . Why ? because he cares about me . That 's all I 'm saying . That 's what he is . You do n't really know him . but you do . Hi . Sampling A proportional part of one of the extractions referred to in point 2 shall be pipette , comprising between 20 and 100 mg S or 50 to 250 mg SO 3 . Martin , tell us what you saw . " On the base of comparisons and Buffy 's visions , we decided it was James ' ghost . No , George , please . Leave me with him , please . No , ma'am . I think so , ma'am . No ! Come on , ma'am . Let me show Her Majesty where they put us . This is Sir Lucas Pepys , Lord Chancellor , whom I took the liberty of inviting to consult . Do you know His Majesty 's condition ? I spent my whole life studying the twisting of human comprehension . of what ? Studying the mind , sir , and her ... disturbances . That could be arranged , right ? Comtan 200 mg [ only on carton ]
R768	The court dismissed the appellant 's plea alleging infringement of the principles of legitimate expectations and legal certainty . By its sixth ground of appeal , the appellant challenges paragraph 90 of the judgment under appeal . The court considered that the third condition necessary for the demonstration of legitimate expectations ( assurances in accordance with the applicable rules ) was not fulfilled , since the Commission 's assurances were in breach of the applicable provisions . In that context , it considered that , according to the rules in force , the takeover of equity in SMEs should have been carried out by 31 December 2001 . AVI file files Microsoft Backup file Microsoft Common Console Document Microsoft DirectInput Device Object DirectInput object Microsoft Windows Network Shell Extension MS - DOS Application MS - DOS batch file Repair Install to Network ( b ) verification of the engine power of fishing vessels ; ( d ) verification of the type , number and characteristics of fishing gear may be adopted in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 119 . and if you miss Orrie , there will be no target , and you can go back to your book . " he looked at the book , picked it up , and put it down again . he picked up his glass , looked at her gloomily , for the foam had fallen ; he drank it in the bottom , put it on the tray , and pushed the tray away .
R769	What do you mean ? he was here . Ladies , what 's taking so long ? Ricky ! What 's happening to him ? Now the real fun begins . rehearsal . Test concentrations Five concentrations of test substance are usually required , regardless of the test test ( see section 1.7.2 ) . Prior knowledge of the toxicity of the test substance ( e.g. from acute toxicity tests or from the orientation studies ) should help to choose the appropriate test concentrations . If less than five concentrations are used this should be justified . The highest test concentration should not exceed the solubility of the substance in water . If a Solubilising agent is used to facilitate the preparation of a solubilising agent , its final concentration should not be higher than 0,1 ml / l and should be the same in all testing tanks ( see section 1.6.3 ) . The use of such substances should , however , be limited to the use of such substances . In my past life , I had nothing to live for . I was broke , I had a humiliating job ... and I was starting to suspect my girlfriend was cheating on me . here we will treat you with respect and now get naked and go to the probator
R770	What 's the boy 's name ? Professor Hubert Farnsworth ... you know , I 'm the luckiest guy in the world . and what if I refuse ? then you get fired ... Fine ! ... from a plane without a parachute . a lot of people do n't like their work , but they do it anyway . You drop the machine gun , you make a mistake with the belt , your friends die ! Yes , Gunny . How 's the food , boys ? Go get another one . V.I.P. aboard . Oh , he looks better . Michael ! Today , on lunch break , we 're gon na play a little , friendly game of basketball with the warehouse staff . my idea . The last time I was down there , I noticed they had a basket . I think I should be on the team . No . and it 's not that I 'm evil , Dwight , It 's based on your predecessor behavior . Oh , please . I can do that . Okay . Great , it 's gon na be fun , - Yeah , 'cause the company wants somebody to work on Saturday , so we 're gon na have to have a couple of people coming in on the weekends , and I know no one 's gon na want to do it , and everybody 's gon na complain , I do n't want to deal with it .
R771	If necessary , the Commission shall submit , on the basis of an evaluation , the proposal to amend this Directive by introducing a system covering payment of a reasonable percentage , and not less than one third of the costs referred to in paragraph 1 , covering all ships in a port of a Member State , irrespective of the actual use of the installation , or the introduction of a system having equivalent effects . Article 9 Exemptions 1 . Where ships operate scheduled services with frequent and regular port stops and where there is sufficient evidence to ensure the transfer of ship - generated waste and the payment of fees in ports on the ship 's route , the Member States in which the ports are located may exempt such ships from the obligations under Article 6 , Article 7(1 ) and Article 8 . The product of presunto consists of a hind limb separated by an increase in the sedation of the skin and the pallet product is made up of the forelimb of the pig . The Presunto and paleta must show the specified anatomical and muscular characteristics ; the musculature is surrounded by a fat layer . The cut may be rosy red to dark red , the appearance is greasy , shiny , heterogeneous , marbled with streamlined intramuscular fat . The texture is soft , soft , slightly fibrous , very fragile and juicy . manufacturer 's vehicle type data :
R772	Maximum horizontal load / D - value ( 4 ) ( 44 ) : Do n't spoil my work ethic , you can count on that . Just one good spot for me and the missus : pleasure for us , rattle for the other , and the warm feeling that you did n't throw the money out the window . You ca n't invest better than that . HIGGINS ( he pulls his wallet , passes between the piano and Doolittle ) : I can not resist the temptation . I 'll give him ten . In a broader legal perspective , which is not directly linked to the regulation in question , it would be appropriate for the Council to address the issue of the international responsibility of States emitting the satellites of the Galileo constellation . Subject : More than 200 million unemployed people Answer from the Commission ( 7 April 2011 ) e-001435/11 ( EN ) Proinsias De Rossa ( S&D ) to the Commission ( 17 February 2011 ) Subject : Elections in Angola in 2012 Answer from the Commission ( 8 April 2011 ) Member States shall ensure that the statutory auditor or the audit firm keeps records of any breaches of the provisions of this Directive and , where applicable , of Regulation ( EU ) No 537/2014 . In the case of minor infringements , Member States may exempt statutory auditors and audit firms from this obligation .
R773	The statutory auditor or audit firm shall draw up an internal annual report providing an overview of all such measures and shall make an internal communication . If a statutory auditor or an audit firm uses external experts , they must document the application sent and the advice provided . I suggest you ... Why ? Even so , he did n't always manage it . and you admired that behavior ? No , just at least my hero is human , McKay has Batman . Ohh ! She really should have gone . I thought we were gon na have lunch ? Oh , I 'm sorry , something came up . No , old friend . Oh . Well , she could have come to us . Well , I promised to meet her in town . Okay . Bye . so I 've completed a new proposal . The Agency shall inform the applicant of the fee payable under Article 80(1)(a ) of Regulation ( EU ) No 528/2012 and shall reject the application if the applicant fails to pay the fees within 30 days . Contents of the pack and other information Each tablet contains sitagliptin phosphate monohydrate equivalent to 100 mg sitagliptin . SMIRNOV , Vladimír Igorjevic , son of No 1 and " Chairman of the State Customs Committee " , born on 3 April 1961 in Kupiansk , Kharkovskaya , New Kakhovka , Chersonská region , Ukraine , Russian passport No 50No00337016 .
R774	SMIRNOV , Oleg Igorjeevich , son of No 1 and " Advisor to the State Customs Committee " , born on 8 August 1967 in New Kakhovka , Chersonská region , Ukraine , Russian passport No 60No1907537 . LEONEV , Sergei Fyodorovich , former " Vice - President " , born on 9 February 1944 in Leontiyevka , Odin Region , Ukraine , Russian passport No 50No0065438 . MARAKUCA , Grigori Stepanovich , " Member of the Supreme Soviet " , " Special Representative of the Supreme Soviet for Interparliamentary Relations " , born on 15 October 1942 in Tej , Grigoriopolis , Republic of Moldova , old Soviet passport No 8BM724835 . KAMINSKY , Anatoliy Vladimirovich , " Vice - Chairman of the Supreme Soviet " , born on 15 March 1950 in Chita , Russian Federation , old Soviet passport No A25056238 . SHEVCHUK , Yevgeny Vasiliyevich , " Chairman of the Supreme Soviet " , born on 19 June 1968 in Fisher , Republic of Moldova , Russian passport No 51 No3116878 . ( 1 ) OJ C 24 , 28.1.2012 , p. 99 . You will summon the ghost hunter ! What are you doing ? It must be a ghost . Why ? It 's fun , I want to see it . Nothing ? and we wo n't have to hunt any more . Soldiers , guard that thing ! Listen to me , John , just once . Run it ! fully armed and ready .
R775	Article 1 The Agreement between the European Community and Canada with regard to the withdrawal of specific concessions in relation to the withdrawal of the schedules of the Czech Republic , the Republic of Estonia , the Republic of Cyprus , the Republic of Latvia , the Republic of Lithuania , the Republic of Hungary , the Republic of Malta , the Republic of Poland , the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic in the course of the accession to the European Community is hereby approved on behalf of the Community . the text of the Agreement is attached to this Decision . Take the bajazzo out ! I said take him out ! Who brought this , who ? You think I want to open a drugstore or something ? How many times have I told you I do n't care about shit like that ? There 's nothing going on out there tonight , bad day . What are you laughing at , fucking asshole ? ! I did n't see his pubic hair . it was a jar of semen . Come on , what happened ? I lay down , put my legs over my head , and five minutes later , it was over . I could barely think of anything . So it was almost like sex with Clive . I wish . If you need me , I 'll be in the back , with my legs up . Red hair and freckles !
R776	Who 's calling , please ? Roy . We 're not interrupting your dinner , are we ? Well , I do n't have any dinner . That 's a shame . Do you have any dealings with my son ? Well , I 'm currently helping him prepare for the SAT exam . Do n't give up hope , Roy . What does it matter ? Why not put it where I want to go ? Maybe I like the view . You made the rules . Hard day ? Can you give me back the work card ? We 're not returning anything , sorry . You do n't think you 'd have dinner with me tonight ? I 'm sorry . I already have a program . Great , no problem . Miss Rizzo . Deputy . This reservation may also be raised by States at the time when they ratify , accept or approve the Convention following access . all these reservations shall be notified to the depositary . Article 59 Regional Economic Integration Organisations 1 . In that case , the Regional Economic Integration Organisation shall have the rights and obligations of a Contracting State to the extent that the regional economic integration organisation has competence over matters governed by this Convention . What 's going on ? What are you two laughing at ? What are you doing here ? You can stay here if you want . Well , that 's pretty unlikely . It 's still unlikely .
R777	Why not ? There 's plenty of room with couches . Come on , Noi . No , no , you can go home tomorrow . Hi , Gylfi . How are you ? He got kicked out of school . Since the Member States are not exempted from their obligation to transpose the Directive by delegating powers to the social partners , the relevant question in the present case is whether the parties to the collective agreement have , before the expiry of the period for transposing the directive , made a weighing - up which fulfils the conditions of the first subparagraph of Article 6(1 ) of the directive . However , it is not necessary for the parties to a collective agreement to make such a balancing exercise knowingly in the light of Article 6(1 ) of the Directive . if that weighing up meets the conditions laid down in Article 6(1 ) of the Directive . Will I ever see them again ? No , I do n't think so . Do you believe you 'll see them when you die ? I think so . But I 'm going to die soon and you really wait ? you 'll see them again You said you had no idea what that second meant , did n't you ? Who 's 67 ? Yes , I 'm afraid I still do n't know , none of us . No , what 's the good news , doctor ? All right and safe .
R778	Implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 543/2011 lays down , pursuant to the outcome of the Uruguay Round multilateral trade negotiations , the criteria whereby the Commission fixes the standard values for imports from third countries , in respect of the products and periods stipulated in Annex XVI , Part A thereto . the standard import value is calculated each working day , in accordance with Article 136(1 ) of Implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 543/2011 , taking into account variable daily data . Therefore this Regulation should enter into force on the day of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION : Article 1 The standard import values referred to in Article 136 of Implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 543/2011 are fixed in the Annex to this Regulation . Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on the day of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 23 July 2014 . Who the hell is that ? I have everything , thank you . Can you look at me when I 'm talking to you ? My name is Burrows . You all right ? I 'm just dizzy . and you 're just supposed to observe . people think the theme analysis is unimaginable . The opposite is true .
R779	It has proved that the principles that are now applied in the two European macro - regional experiments are excellent instruments for strengthening social , economic and territorial cohesion . A macro - regional perspective may , from a political , environmental and socio - economic viewpoint , be a useful tool to strengthen cooperation between European countries and regions , both in the societal consensus , mutual respect and acceptance of the nationalists ' demands , and to contribute to achieving the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy through the creation of European added value in the communities concerned . The macro - regional strategies can be a useful means of overcoming communication gaps and public information . people and businesses in the localities and regions concerned need to be better informed about the programmes and projects underway . equivalent macro - regional cooperation is a new feature of European policy . A good example of its first achievements is a joint strategic thinking in both regions , new institutional relations , as well as more creative planning . While the EESC agrees with the most important findings in the report : a smaller number of priorities would be more appropriate ; greater political commitment is needed ; more funding needs to be made available ; a key issue is to improve public administration knowledge ( management , organisation ) ; it is essential to quantify and evaluate results qualitatively and qualitatively ; administrative burdens must be reduced .
R780	Merry Christmas ! Come on , I think they 're on the Star Market by 9:00 . He 's gon na be pissed at you if he does n't get the hat . Some kid does n't get the frog Renca , but it 's not Santa 's fault . You 've got it all figured out . I shaved . It scratched . Why are you here ? Flying reindeer , chimney climbing in every Christian home in the world in one night . I have a safe at the top of my bed , it 's got five thousand in it . and jewelry . You appreciate it now , do n't you ? What does the legal term " legal separation " mean in practical terms ? What are the legal consequences of legal separation ? What does the term " marriage annulment " mean in practice ? What are the legal consequences of marriage annulment ? Where should I lodge my application for divorce / legal separation / marriage annulment ? Which formalities must be respected and which documents should I attach to my application ? Can I obtain legal aid to cover the costs of the procedure ? What is the procedure in these cases ? Which is the applicable law in a divorce proceeding between spouses who do not live in Estonia or who are of different nationalities ? why do n't you do what the rulers do ? and why ? Is n't that the wedding list ?
R781	Ella , the girls and I need bouquets for tomorrow 's portrait session . while her half - family scratched smallpox , Would you like to eat something ? That 's very kind of you , but I have a busy schedule . Okay . Yeah , I got it . I 'm not important . No , that 's not what I meant at all . You know , I offered you a friendly arm ... Everybody 's busy today . I 'd love to have dinner with you . The force had completely left him . drugged and helpless , he sat on the ground , surrounded by shape - shifters , the wall of the animal smell , the heavy ragged breath , the dark shadows and the gleaming eyes . Where 's Truls Rohk ? Where is anyone who can help him ? He only wanted to get out of here , get a chance to stay alive , if only for one more day . He gasped as the cold struck him again , until he closed his eyes under his onslaught . Defendant : Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market ( Trade Marks and Designs ) ( represented by : P. Bullock , Agent ) exactly who we want to see . you have the key to this locker ? It has something to do with your flashlight . Do you have a problem with that , Mr. Gundelach ? All right , take the bills .
R782	Maybe we could take it with us , and you could take Mr. Gundelach to the doctor . Why are you home so early ? Please ... please leave and leave me alone . A month later , there 's an accident . Wait a minute , I forgot my watch inside . May 12th , 1959 . They 'll name me Dr. Manhattan . they want me to be a symbol of destruction . Well , I tell her I do n't think there is a God . And if I do , I do n't look like him . They 're trying to see if we just made up Dr. Manhattan 's disappearance to provoke them . I 'm giving Dr. Manhattan two days . Let 's hope he 's on our side . EXP { month / year } Conciliation is a free service . There are two mechanisms : if the conciliation is successful , a report signed by the parties , the judge and the official becomes legally binding . In the absence of conciliation , the case may either be heard immediately if the parties agree , or there may be a summary or a declaration to the court office , depending on the seriousness of the claim and the nature of the dispute . He sets the duration of this mission , which may not exceed one month but which may be renewed once only . The conciliator receives the parties in complete confidentiality .
R783	In the event of failure , the proceedings shall be reinstated once more . The law on guidance and planning for legal proceedings allows the court of first instance and the local court to order the parties to meet a conciliator to inform them about the aims and procedures of the conciliation process . Conciliation and mediation are always optional . these procedures can not be completed without the agreement of both parties . they can only relate to rights that the parties are free to exercise . There is no need to resort to an advocate . Some advocates take on conciliation or mediation work out of court . We 're not done yet . so you 're saying you can read minds ? But I can read people . like your beautiful companion here . According to her graceful attitude , I 'd say she used to be a dancer . She does n't like to drink . She 's very independent , and she 's looking for adventure . Good to see you . Would you excuse me , please ? I 'm sorry I dragged you away from Mr. and Mrs. Voice over there . It 's nothing . It was n't a total loss . I 'm sorry . He lost . That 's where they break . The whole nation is in danger because of Tito . I have to go and try to help my cousin . This could be the last time I see him . Niko ?
R784	I 've got your head full of you , too . very convincing . I meant it , but it was n't just between us . I did n't know . Congratulations . My new friends ... they have a great idea . I thought that when they told me that they wanted you to help us , that meant you were gon na stay in New York ... in your present job , and do what ? He was transmitting information , but here , where they could protect you ! The Newton laws , yes - but Hamilton 's or Riemann 's geometry , wave functions ? not to mention Navier and Stokes , turbulence , chaos , complexity , and others . It wo n't be long before we figure out if the Tahirians know anything that we do n't know about . what do I do in the meantime ? " Yu touched her hand . I mean , I 'm my father 's son . Doing experiments on human guinea pigs . and why ? not for science . for self - interest . You 're too hard on yourself , Mohinder . We met a long time ago , okay ? you and me . I know you . You 're a good man . Good intentions have limits , Peter . I 'm weak . I 'm manipulative . We 're all selfish . The requirements for the grounds of the judgment under appeal 124 .
R785	That failure to state reasons consists in the fact that , in the present case , the General Court authorised the Commission to set a deterrent factor of 17 % of the value of sales only by reference to the ' very serious nature' of the infringement . This constitutes a deviation from point 25 of the 2006 Guidelines on fines , which provides for the taking into account of a ' number of factors' , which the General Court did not give . ( d ) to raise awareness among stakeholders on the need for rehabilitation and reintegration of workers excluded from the workplace due to an accident at work , occupational disease or disability ; ( e ) make additional efforts , including economic incentives , which would result in a change of approach in view of a more integrated management of health and safety in enterprises which envisages greater participation ; ( f ) invite the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work to support the exchange of information and best practices through its risk monitoring centre and to prepare high - quality information on specific challenges .
R786	( d ) encourage research institutes of the Member States to exchange information and cooperate in their programmes at national and European level , focusing on the problem - solving and the rapid transfer of results to businesses , in particular SMEs ; ( e ) raise awareness by improving information , training and participation of workers , providing clear guidance , in particular small enterprises , and by analysing and disseminating examples of best practice , in particular using the network of stakeholder contacts at local level ; ( f ) promote a systematic approach to workplace good conditions through initiatives in the field of improvement of work , in particular through the integration of health and safety protection , lifelong learning and gender issues in business management and all levels of education ; ( g ) ensure better and more effective enforcement in all Member States and take appropriate steps to provide adequate resources for labour inspections ; ( h ) further implement an overall strategy on health and safety at work by the International Labour Organisation , adopted in 2003 by all possible means ; ( i ) pay particular attention to new employment trends such as the development of self - employment , outsourcing , subcontracted work , migrant workers and posted workers . Calls on the Commission to : ( a ) promote occupational safety and health by adopting appropriate measures with regard to changes in work ; These shoes were tailor - made . Can we hurry ?
R787	Why did you say that ? because it 's over your head . you can keep a dog on your collar . You know why ? because it 's a dog . ... but you ca n't put a collar on a war artist ... ... taken in your prime . then he 'll just run the streets and yell what you can do . This is Chuck 's chance to have a family again , I ca n't ... tap him . Stick to the couch and kill that son of a bitch . Women of childbearing potential / Contraception in males and females Effective contraceptive measures should be used in women of childbearing potential . Evaluation of experimental animal studies has shown reproductive toxicity of sodium phenylbutyrate , i.e. effects on embryo / foetal development . phenylacetate ( the active metabolite of phenylbutyrate ) on pups of rats in the prenatal phase of development resulted in lesions of cortical pyramidal cells ; dendritic spells were longer and thinner than normal and occurred in a lower number . that the significance of these data for pregnant women is not known ; therefore , the use of PHEBURANE is contraindicated during pregnancy ( see section 4.3 ) . women of childbearing potential must use an effective method of contraception .
R788	The Commission with representatives of the Federal and Land Governments and representatives of CWP took place on 22 August 2003 . A last meeting with German representatives took place on 6 July 2004 ; the letter of 29 July 2004 following that hearing was registered on the same day . II . can not , can not ! Pyrotechnics have the situation under control . Do n't shoot , we 're going in ! " Well . . . let 's go to the pub ! " " When was the last time you ate solid food ? " " I do n't remember . " " And liquid ? " " Cancel him , Mr. Pepys . Equatorial storms broke out . It would be foolish to sail to America now . We agreed that in April of next year we would board in Southend , on board the Rocky Bay , the new - built ships ; and on a journey that would last approximately - " " You 'll be dead a week from now . " " I know . " " It 's a good time to go to the party , then . " With a direct reference to the delegation of implementation tasks , the RUF proposes introducing the possibility for private law entities to reimburse certain travel and subsistence expenses to participants in seminars and other events .
R789	Orders WHG Westdeutsche Handelsgesellschaft mbH to bear its own costs and to pay those incurred by Giorgio Beverly Hills , Inc before the Board of Appeal of OHIM . They 're both ready for the C - section next week . Will we ? Jodi , look at me . Do you remember when we first met ? You came with all your friends . I was your waiter . Yeah , that 's how you laugh . Let 's go home , okay ? Zach , call and finish our conversation about how she 's gon na handle the baby and breast - feeding . Dr. Turner , will you take Jodi to the lobby , please ? What do you mean ? When Jodi gives birth , I 'll take the baby . I 'll take the baby and we 'll leave her . Good - bye . Why ca n't you marry a boy from here ? You wo n't have the power of my company if you live so far away in Cincinnati . What do you know about the young man you want to marry ? when you met him in a mental hospital . Are you sure he 's okay ? I was in rehab , too . but it was different with you . That 's the only thing that 's happened to you . is New Dealer ? I have to cry , cry when I think of losing my little girl .
R790	how much did it cost ? Decision No 768/2008/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 9 July 2008 on a common framework for the marketing of products and repealing Council Decision 93/465/EEC[8 ] establishes a common framework of general principles and reference provisions to be applied in all legislation harmonising the conditions for the marketing of products in order to provide a coherent basis for revision or recasts of that legislation . Directive 2004/108/EC should therefore be adapted to that Decision . They buried no one . Does Lyle Parker know about this ? We ca n't find him either . What if he 's dead , too ? It does n't belong to any animal I know . I think we should talk , Sheriff . and exchange opinions ? Mulder ! He seems to have suffered some shock . As soon as he 's examined , I 'll listen to him immediately . What are you not telling me ? I thought it was over . All of it ? Is that why you did n't want to dissect Joe Goodensnake 's body ? Get the boys over here for fingerprinting . I want his identity . and call Mercer . You 'll be in her hand . You belong with us . Oh , shit . Well ? Oh , my God , I did n't wake you ? Clearly not . Wait . Mercer ? Mercer ! Good , what is it ?
R791	In an open procedure , any interested economic operator may submit a tender in response to a call for competition . The minimum time limit for the receipt of tenders shall be 35 days from the date on which the contract notice was sent . the tender shall be accompanied by information for the selection based on qualifications requested by the contracting authority . Hey , Chris . Uh , this is my little brother Stewie . I have to laugh at your head ! I 'm guessing this one owned a bunny , but it does n't have it anymore . Umm , listen . The macroeconomic scenario underlying the programme envisages that real GDP growth will increase from 1,4 % in 2005 to 2,2 % on average over the rest of the programme period . Assessed against currently available information , this scenario appears to be based on plausible growth assumptions . The programme 's projected inflation also appears realistic . You have brought the crowns and heads of defeated kings ... ... to the gates of my city ! Oh , I have chosen my words carefully , Persian ! Maybe you should have done the same . It 's blasphemy ! That - is - SPARTA ! We were expecting you . Eforos ... ... priests of ancient gods . the spawn of incest . more creature than man . No Spartan king went into battle without their blessings . They say the Persians brought in millions with the army .
R792	In this context , the activities envisaged under this objective aim , for example , at strengthening European cooperation in health technology assessment and exploring the potential of eHealth and ICT for health , including the dedicated e - health network and interoperability of patients ' electronic registers within the framework of the implementation of the Directive on patients[5 ] . They will also support measures to implement high standards of safety , quality and efficiency of medical devices , which are required by EU legislation in this field , and which help to achieve these objectives , as well as in complying with the provisions of the above - mentioned Directive on eHealth and health technology assessment . Under its objectives , the programme can also support specific actions of the European Innovation Partnership on Active and Healthy Ageing in its three main themes : new practices in raising awareness , prevention and early diagnosis of disease ; innovation in treatment and care and innovation for active ageing and independent living . Look who it is . That 's disgusting ! No ! Find me a gun against that thing . Do you want to destroy it ? I 'll do whatever it takes to get us off this planet and Commissioner Hedford to the hospital . If the Companion gets in the way , we 'll push it out with it . Okay ? Okay . Mr. Cochrane , if you leave here , what will happen to you ?
R793	Believe me , Captain , immortality consists mainly of boredom . What 's it look like in the galaxy ? That 's all . someone 's trying to label their territory . Find out what you can pull out of Ringo . He owes me something . in class , you learn the rules , but 70 % of this job is about instinct . BAT ( BAT ) in order to reduce the generation and contamination of wastewater with regard to wood storage and preparation is the use of a combination of the techniques given below . technique Applicability a Dry debarking ( described in section 1.7.2.1 ) . Well , about Reba . Actually , it 's kind of a funny story . Reba 's dead . Maybe not so funny . What happened ? " a car driven by Reba Cadbury came out of the road and fell into the Potomac River . " The body was never found . That 's terrible . What you did was stupid , but there 's no reason your father should be disappointed in you . Who can I call to offer my condolences ? But you were worth the effort . You hardly know me . and what would I know about you ? You have a sharp tongue , you 're sarcastic , you keep talking . Yeah , those are my greatest qualities .
R794	Look , just because you saved me when I was drowning ... ... does n't give you the right to lick me . You should . Lois . Hey , Smallville . Lois is totally crazy about him . And all we know about him is that he can swim faster than I can . Let 's take a look at it . He 's on the swim team , leaving all his opponents behind . on your gaming scale , where does this one belong ? should not be used with Silapo if not your hand ... Parkinson 's wo n't answer the wounds . Any theories ? The spirit took your tongue ? I 'm fine . What about vasculitis ? MRI does n't suggest any brain ischemia . Yes , these are her very mysterious symptoms . not hallucinations that vasculitis does n't explain . if it 's not retinal vasculitis . Boom , this guy may be smart , and I 'm sure he 's got a good drink with him . but if they do n't know that visual symptoms are electrical , not vascular , two different systems ... as well as the banks and the power grid . But if I do n't pay the bills , they 'll turn off my lights .
R795	On the basis of the average prices of fish landed in 2011 in eight Baltic Sea countries , the value of fishing opportunities for 2014 will increase by EUR 12 million to a total value of EUR 412 million . Yes . further , they tried to make the Mississippi court acknowledge him , but the judge rejected that too . Dr. Wigand , you understand what can happen , do n't you ? No , I 'm not supposed to testify here . Prison ? That would be one of the possible consequences of your testimony here . What ... what about my family ? I 'm going to support ? If I do n't teach , there 's no health insurance . I have to go , I 'm late for court . Dr. Wigand , good luck . I know what you 're up against , Jeff . the helicopter swung over the sand dune on the bank , turned , and walked back to the ship . when he was just above the superstructure to land , Chet Travers came out of the hatch . I 'm not jealous of Cuddy 's . Initiating base activation . Are you sure ? You look upset . What he said was uncomfortable . Did n't they ever call you attractive ? He did n't call me attractive . He put me in his mental porn . It can also mean " I like the whole package . " It 's who you are .
R796	Okay , we 've had enough . See you . Hi . " Surrender to her body ... " But I felt that my thoughts were no longer mine . " ... the dark pressure of her soft , hot lips . " They clung to his ... " The deeper I dive , the stronger it becomes . as if he took my soul . It made me think of Josh 's death most of the time . Louis of France loved me . and I loved Henry of England . I could laugh at this poor world ... I 'm sorry about your friend . Hit it , freak . then she ran . Bodalen chased her . as she ran , she looked back , stumbled , and fell . Her husband got on the scene . The men killed him and left him lying next to her . The Rover 's mouth was dry . " What village was that ? " " Pass the bridge . " I called Wendy or whatever his name is , if her nanny can come . You called Wendy , the " I 'll do the best I can ? " And then you left my kids with someone I do n't know ? You were n't here . that does n't know them at all . That 's good . Sometimes " good " has to be enough . The kids are fine , and it means that the old lady was perfect .
R797	Jesus , that list again . Really ? That was n't nice of you . You know what , honey , I 'm sorry . Richard , wait . I have to go to Cleveland tomorrow . Just for one night . Just do what you did before . Do that cute little pussy . b ! Oh , hey , Schrader . It 's okay , buddy . Oh , I forgot to tell you , I borrowed your keys . Did you borrow my keys ? Come on . Could another one come , please ? No , I could n't . Stay there ! We contribute to juvenile violations , B. Legal STATEMENT OF THE PROPOSAL Subsidiarity principle The Agency is a decentralised European agency set up by the Regulation and decisions on its funding and charging for fees must be taken at EU level . a legal basis for charging fees for pharmacovigilance by the Agency is laid down in the new pharmacovigilance legislation . As regards the possibility for the Agency to charge fees for pharmacovigilance , only the Union can act . This proposal only applies to pharmacovigilance activities carried out at EU level and involving the Agency . As regards pharmacovigilance activities which remain at national level , the EU has no competence in this area and Member States can therefore continue to charge national fees .
R798	Opinion of the ADVOCATE GENERAL STIX - HACKL delivered on 30 March 2004 ( 1 ) In the present cases relating to the failure to fulfil obligations , the Commission is challenging national rules imposing an obligation on insurance companies to include in motor insurance contracts a tariff classification system which is linked to accidents . considers that that obligation is contrary to the principle of freedom to set rates . ( 46 ) 8 429 05 00 Fax : ( 46 ) 8 429 89 00 E - mail : konsumentverket konsumentverket.se : is responsible for protecting consumers' interests . The 131 division is behind Landburg . these people are moving somewhere . We found a highway long enough . Oh , I 'm sure they are . But I 'm gon na stop , okay ? Look . OK . Let 's do it . That 's good . Okay , we got it . I think it 's good . Oh , yes . Oh , God , look at that . It 's great . It 's very , very , very good . Yes , we are . Check out our " Sexy Senior " section . I 've never seen you as a caravan type . I can imagine you staying in the wild , but in some haunted cabin full of old magazines and pieces of mannequins . I got this beauty from Grandpa . Two grown men in a caravan , and they were just buying antiques ?
R799	I see . Grandpa and Steve , they were both very clean . I caught them washing each other 's hair once . The Committee may establish working groups to be chaired by a member of the Committee or an alternate . each working group shall be composed of four experts for each interest group . A standing working group comprising five experts from each interest group shall be set up within the Committee , on a regular basis , which shall deal regularly with mines and other mining industries . It could be for me . What if it 's Sandy ? I told you I 'd come back . No , let her go . What are you doing here ? I just got back from the circus . I met Blade there . Is he okay ? How is he ? Let 's not be so narrow - minded . No , I 'm serious . Did you ever notice that cold spot in the hallway ? It 's freezing out there ! I 'll never forget it . about what you 've done for me . God bless you ! Streatham 212 ? Viv , Viv , it 's me ! Where are you , love ? I 've been waiting for you ! Viv ? Viv , I ca n't stay here much longer , one of the kids is sick . Viv ? Viv , are you there ? Answer me , Viv ! Hello !
R800	This shall not apply where the defendant is involved to contest the jurisdiction . Article 7 Forum neatitatis Where no court of a Member State has jurisdiction pursuant to Articles 3 , 4 , 5 and 6 , the courts of a Member State may , in exceptional cases , give a ruling if , in a third State with which the dispute has a close connection , the proceedings are not possible or can not reasonably be initiated or conducted . The dispute must have a sufficient link with the Member State of the court seised . If a decision is taken in a Member State or in a Contracting State of the 2007 Hague Convention where the creditor has the place of habitual residence , the debtor can not lodge an application for amendment or a new decision in another Member State as long as the creditor has his habitual residence in the State in which the decision was given . After careful market investigation , Gazelle decided in Belgium for the first KBA Performa in the Benelux States . " It 's an ideal printing machine for all we need , " says John Verbiest , one of two members of the board . 15.5.2006 / VIP presentation of the Performa 74 - 4 printer The safety of concomitant administration of nicotinic acid and laropiprant was assessed in dogs and rats . The toxicological findings of these combined administration studies were consistent with those observed with nicotinic acid and laropiprant administered individually .
R801	Nicotinic acid In rats , degeneration of the stomach and hepatocyte vacuolation were observed after 6 months of dosing at systemic exposure levels of at least 179 times the human exposure based on the AUC of the recommended daily human dose . Retinopathy and/or corneal lesions were observed in dogs after 6 months of dosing at systemic exposure levels of at least 240 times the human exposure based on the AUC of the recommended daily human dose . Mice were given in this study 9 - 13 times the human dose of nicotinic acid 2,000 mg / day , determined on a mg / m2 basis . Nicotinic acid showed no mutagenic effects in the in vitro assays . Similar treatment - related changes were observed in rabbit foetuses , but in the presence of maternal toxicity at exposure levels approximately 629 times the AUC of nicotinic acid at the recommended daily human dose . Laropiprant ketonuria and hepatocellular centrilobular hypertrophy were observed in rats in repeated dose toxicity studies for up to 6 months . Hepatocellular centrilobular hypertrophy was consistent with the enzyme induction specific to rodents . Thank you . we just started . Please , wipe the inside of your face . Amber . You 're okay . Okay , next is Peter and then Olivia . Ladies first . wipe your face . Peter . You 're okay . You 're okay . Okay . Great , another one . Whatever you want , Odin 's son .
R802	But you do n't have the whole soul , my daughter , only half of it . You have Bruce Banner . You need another Hulk to have a full reward . Are you okay ? I feel great . I ca n't imagine anything better . Betty ? Where are you ? Who are you ? What do you want from me ? I did n't . My friend Banner , you must become the Hulk once more for all Asgardians . This Directive is without prejudice to the application of national or contractual provisions designed to prevent or impede economic double taxation of dividends , in particular those relating to tax credits to the recipients of dividends . Member States shall bring into force the laws , regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive by 18 January 2012 . They shall forthwith inform the Commission thereof . Well , what is infinitesimal ? The Commission , after consulting the SCCNFP and the European Centre for the Validation of Alternative Methods ( ECVAM ) , and with due regard to the development of validation within the framework of the OECD , shall establish a timetable for the implementation of paragraph 1(a ) , ( b ) and ( d ) , including deadlines for the phasing out of the various tests . General Salazar . It 's possible . Maybe you should find time for your daughter . because I ca n't do it anymore .
R803	Vasilia looked at Daneel with exasperated curiosity , " Partner Elijah ? ... where , where is he ? Just stay nice , all right ? Hey , shut up and get in here , you sick son of a bitch ! Do n't put that head in there . you 'll be fine again . It 'll be fine . Now put pressure on it . Well , let 's see , Hayes is the winner . another tribe . It really paid off . You know what I was thinking ? They 're always telling us to find a friend , and you and I would be good friends . At the same time , average import prices decreased by 28 % over the period considered and subsequently the market share of these imports increased from 42,5 % in 2007 to 54,2 % in the RIP . The second wave followed first . then the third explosion boomed , and the corridor narrowed and vanished . Paran looked at Quick Ben in disbelief . The wizard had built a wall of stones before him , and it began to move among the shadows , leaning forward and moving , pushing the humus ahead . suddenly the shadows ran through the trees in a confusing intertwine . the boulders followed them , the avalanche tearing down the trees and moving like water to uneven ranks of soldiers climbing the hill .
R804	Oh , my God . Fine . I feel guilty because I want to be a friend . so shut up and close your eyes . You 're a good friend . But the audition was over , and I did n't get the part . but you kiss fantastic . Rachel 's really lucky . Remember when you got in , and another waitress taught you ? That was really good . Hello , on behalf of American brown birds . I 've got a pretty good backhand . The purpose of these networks is to support the functioning of the Single Market by facilitating the free movement of persons , goods and services . The City Programme provides an incentive to seek and share best practices , thus supporting the development of new ideas in the field of urban regeneration . More Sustainable Development Sustainable development means a development policy aimed at meeting the economic , social and environmental needs of society in the short , medium and , in particular , the long term . The Treaty of Lisbon , signed in 2007 and currently in the process of ratification , introduces a third dimension : Actions under the TENs must promote the interoperability of national networks and facilitate access to them . The Committee of the Regions The Committee of the Regions is an advisory body that enables local and regional authorities to participate in EU legislative work .
R805	Its 244 members typically comprise elected local and regional policies , representatives of public administrations and different policy areas . More Employment Cohesion Report Recovery of sums paid Eligibility of expenditure Environment The Commission is committed to maintaining Europe 's leading position in the world economy and fulfilling its role in creating appropriate conditions for jobs and growth . The aim of the network is to stimulate innovation in urban regeneration by encouraging towns and cities to identify , transfer and disseminate good practice in 2000 . More Cohesion Report Every three years , the European Commission draws up a cohesion report analysing the progress made in the field of economic and social cohesion in the European Union . In the specific context of the Structural and Cohesion Funds 2007 - 13 , Annex III of Regulation 1083/2006 lays down the ceilings applicable to co - financing rates . - noted that in 2008 the Centre retroactively paid EUR 11 450 000 to its customers , inviting the Centre to further develop its performance assessment by improving the links between its strategic activities and activities envisaged in its strategic programme , as well as by reviewing indicators to monitor its performance with a view to meeting SMART criteria ; Are you trying to figure out why Leroy took me ? Of course . Can I get you anything ? to a certain extent , I 'm uncertain , but I have no doubts . I 'm glad you 're responsible .
R806	data are sorted foremost according to the value of the leftmost column of the top navigating bar ( name ) , then ( when records are identical in this feature ) according to the feature from this one to the right ( country ) and further in the same way up to the rightmost column . menu Niedersachson webcams of type port That means : I forgive you , come here . Try again , but I 'm not going . I 'll go . Thanks . You see , Samantha is a good friend . What 's it gon na be ? As usual ? Brian makes the most insidious mojitos in New York . Hello , beautiful . Sean Sullivan ! You 're in New York ? Now that Trey was hard in the bedroom , she saw no reason why it should be on a hard bed . Hey , Bunny . When Trey told me you were buying a bed , I insisted on helping you . Did you know that I bought the one he has now ? It 's a Chippendale . No ... Fuck her . Fuck her brains out . suck her tits . Wipe your ass . You know he wants it . Shame on you ! Look at those breasts . If you touch that poor defenseless girl , you 'll despise yourself forever . I 'm proud of you , Lawrence . My fault ?
R807	No , but ... you 'd be amazed at the kind of girls he had . Operative part of the judgment The Court : Community law Certain instruments of Community law have direct effect , such as regulations which are generally applicable and binding in their entirety , and decisions which are binding in their entirety for those to whom they are addressed . other Community standards must be transposed into internal law by the Member State . The transfer into internal law must take place within the time - limit laid down in the directive itself , by means of a law or a transcription according to the subject - matter of the provisions in question . The take - over declaration referred to in paragraph 1 shall contain at least the following information : ( a ) the external identification number and the name of the fishing vessel which landed the products ; ( b ) the port and the date of landing ; ( e ) the quantity of each species stored in kilograms of product weight , broken down by type of product presentation or , where appropriate , by the number of individuals ; ( f ) the name and address of the establishment where the products are stored ; ( g ) where appropriate , a reference to the transport document referred to in Article 68 . Article 67 Electronic completion and transmission of take - over data 1 . How do I know you wo n't call tonight ?
R808	I promise . Please , Pen . Yeah . Grounds for listing : Deputy Chief of Staff of the Taliban regime . date of birth : between 1963 and 1968 . Place of birth : Oruzgan , Afghanistan . tickets to the Beth Orton concert . Well , Alex bought them the day he died ... ... probably for him and Isabel . The concert is tonight . Do n't you understand ? You do n't plan plans for the future because you do n't plan any future . That 's it . that 's not a very strong piece of evidence . and we know he would never kill himself . That 's right . Murder ? who would want to kill Alex ? ... maybe ... ... someone who hated him ... ... or maybe an alien . Gradual tapering of the dose should be considered . The cost of a task is typically based on its resources . " for each of the tasks . here , according to the program , he stopped for thirty seconds to check before the organ was removed from the body . Nicole leaned over the patient to check the exposed appendix . " Janos , take a quick look , " she called out , her eyes fixed on the digital clock measuring the time for control . " He looks perfectly healthy . " Janos leaned forward from the opposite side of the operating table .
R809	" Cut the operation . " Both Nicole and Janos reached the main robot switch at the same time . at the same time , the interior of Newton 's ship turned sharply to the side . Nicole was pushed back on the wall of the room . Janos fell forward and slammed his head into the operating table . You faked cancer for dope ? I 'm going to bed . You were right . Patrick 's hemispherectomy . survived the operation . is unconscious , but ... How depressed are you ? You were filming cancer . I was just curious . I know it 's not in your nature , but can we just walk away from it ? I did n't force you . The figures for 2003 will be revised as follows : real GDP growth 5.1 % , total general government balance of 2.4 % of GDP , government gross debt 5.3 % of GDP . It 's polite . Come in . State security , guys . Life and death . Helena , I 've always stood by you . Honey , I 'm home . Yeah , I 'm coming . Did n't your mother teach you to close , hillbilly ? No , not even my dad . Hey , hey , hey , hey . We 've got a werewolf ... and a couple of armed guys . Give me a chance to tell the others what I saw .
R810	( 11 ) Directive 2005/29/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 May 2005 concerning unfair business - to - consumer commercial practices in the internal market and amending Council Directive 84/450/EEC , Directives 97/7/EC , 98/27/EC and 2002/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Regulation ( EC ) No 200 of the European Parliament and of the Council 6/2004 ( Unfair Commercial Practices Directive ) , OJ L 149 , 11.6.2005 , p. 22 . " Fight ? It was n't a fight , Elizabeth . He 's had enough of this for months . It 's nice to have company . Where are my shoes ? and all of a sudden , they were there . My job will be dangerous . I said : " Whoa ! They 're here . Here they are . You 're Parry 's boyfriend ? workload You all right ? Yeah , I 'm fine . Where 's Philip ? Dad 's in the living room . He 's not my dad . Really ! Ed 's out there , we 'll take you someplace safe . Shall we wait for the doctor ? filip wo n't want to leave the house . Dilip , do n't cook , and I 'll take care of Philip . OK . OK . Are you hungry ? No , really . I 'll make some sandwiches .
R811	The sausage could then be boiled or cut and consumed as salami . The uninterrupted form of the sausage and the wide diameter of the sausage were necessary to prevent it from drying up during the suspension . In the past , Traditional Cumberland Sausage has been much more spicy than other sausages , and although it is a little less spicy , it is still more spicy than any other British sausage . I also lost a member of the crew in that explosion , Captain . Did you get the coordinates for Triannon ? Set a course , your highest warp factor . You heard me . where are you taking this ship ? We 'll be there in three days . With the help of your ship , I can strike the final decisive strike . I can put an end to this conflict forever . Oh , little ... you 're shaking ? Poor ... I can feel your heart beating ... here ... in your hand , like a bird in a cage . Let me give you something to calm you down . Take it . I do n't know if it 's nice . Scripture : two girls fly to NYC to enjoy the weekend when two handsome businessmen have just returned from a lucrative trip to Japan . I thought it was a little weird , but if you do n't mind , yeah , she took it and she 's talking to some guy .
R812	You 're a star . Bye - bye . That 's when Robin realized that no one , not even her boss , was watching Metro News One . Wait , wait , wait , I know you 're mad , but ... happy birthday . Maybe we should ... quit . Okay , so you already know how to disconnect it . But no . No , I have n't quite figured that out yet . Okay , Walter , we 're running out of time . I realize that . Well , my attempts to close this part of his brain have n't worked ! There is only one other option . What are you saying ? Have you thought about giving him a lobotomy ? I do n't know what else I should do in the time I have left , Olivia . Walter , you ca n't ! I have to save his life . whatever it takes . no x is not 0 . x is not 1 . So f of 7 is equal to 3 . The final part of the runway , at least 5 m before the barrier , shall be horizontal , flat and smooth . 1.2 . Barrier The barrier shall consist of a block of reinforced concrete not less than 3 m wide and not less than 1,5 m high .
R813	( a ) Regulation ( EC ) No 1870/2005 ( Article 3(2 ) and ( 3)(a ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1870/2005 ) The protection of professional secrecy shall not prevent the transmission of information relevant to ensuring the effectiveness of market control and surveillance activities to the competent authorities . The authorities receiving information subject to professional secrecy shall ensure their protection . Article 17 This Directive shall be without prejudice to the application of Directive 85/374/EEC . European Enterprise Awards , which are valuing the best projects that support entrepreneurship at regional level ; the revised Commission Guidelines on Impact Assessment ; Commission support for the development of European standards ; the website and the EESC 's database on self - regulation and co - regulation . You give Walker his money , right ? Yes . Do n't you think you could try what Reese did ? which room is he in ? behind me . Okay , buzzer . What are you doing here ? I want my money . I 've arranged everything you asked for . You 're crazy , Walker . How does this help you ? because I want you to pay me personally . You ca n't take me out of here in broad daylight . The proposal therefore recommends the following adaptations : Apply qualitative prudential requirements under Title II of Directive 2007/64/EC for electronic money institutions ( Article 3 ) .
R814	Reduce the initial capital requirement from EUR 1 million to EUR 125 000 ( Article 6 ) . initial capital is considered to be too high and disproportionate due to the risk associated with the service . The height of the initial capital is considered to be the main obstacle that prevents smaller companies ( mainly exempted institutions ) from applying for an electronic money institution . Replace current permanent capital requirements by calculation methods based on the nature and risk profile of an electronic money institution ( Article 7 ) . This limitation is not consistent with the non - exclusive access to payment institutions that are authorised under Directive 2007/64/EC to operate non - payment services ( e.g. retail or telecommunications services ) . these approaches need to be harmonised . The activities of electronic money institutions should not inevitably be limited to the issuance of electronic money and , in the case of hybrid electronic money institutions , the cash protection requirements referred to in Article 9 of Directive 2007/64/EC should therefore apply . Customers should have the right to re - exchange funds at any time and free of charge in the case of redemption of the whole of the amount . Do any of these brushes have badger hair ? For us , artists , the brushes are our precious . This is a blue - haired squirrel , Japanese synthetics , badger .
R815	In a sample of blue oil paint we found , we found both badger hair and nilon bristles . Anyone who studied art would never take a nilon oily , unless he used the color for something else . when the brushes age , they lose their hair . if the nillon brush is then used ... If I wanted to buy a badger 's brush , where would I get it ? It 's the Student Union , and most of the art shops . Excuse me . I was just admiring your glasses . Nice . You won . But I still want to take care of you . Excuse me , gentlemen . Mr. Donaghy , do you remember once you told me that there were other opportunities for me in this company ? Of course . I 'd like to discuss these opportunities with you more closely . because I 'm out of the page program . But you do n't have any other skills . It 's a white guy with hair , Lemon . limit is just heaven for him . Caucasian ! Adam , we heard you were a Yankee fan . need to know the names of all the players . Annex V Quality wine marking referred to in Article 23 1 . marking of a quality wine of Australia :
R816	The arbitration panel shall in particular have the right to seek the relevant opinion of experts . The arbitration panel shall consult the Parties on the selection of such experts . The information obtained in this manner must be disclosed to all parties and submitted for their comments . How to store Nuwiq 6 . contents of the pack and other information The two cooperating exporting producers represented a significant proportion during the RIP ( i.e. more than 90 % , the exact figure can not be disclosed for reasons of confidentiality ) on imports into the Community , which was 37 583 tonnes and was 8,5 % lower than imports during the previous investigation period ( 1 July 2004 to 30 June 2005 ) . The imports into the Community of the product concerned originating in the USA represented 14 % of the Community consumption during the RIP . Leg , how can I help you ? You wanted me to tell you how the others are doing . Do you know ? Leg , if you 've heard anything , it 's your duty to tell me . about a week ago , Bea found a cell phone in her cell . The guy who called her told her he was with Debbie . He told her some horrible things . You think Jacs was behind this . has been against her since she arrived . Fletch ? Oh , shit . Will ! Get off me . That was Meg .
R817	and the visitor we were talking about . It was n't Michael Hurley . No man likes another when he 's fucking his girlfriend . Fuck me . with a wish to heal quickly . That 's nice of him . Yes , you can . No , it has to stay between us . Miss Benson did . She only works here to get closer to the Atrians , and so she can come up with the secret of cyper . She knows you were cured by cyper ? but he does n't know I 'm sorry . But I was so scared . They threatened to poison my dad . Em , I do n't know what to do . It 's okay . " Imagine how many years there will be a lifetime . No , it 's not like that . Where is he ? Let me see it . he went to the bathroom . Miggg . You see , Tom , you 've been depressed for a long time . You needed to think of a reason to quit your job , start drinking , end the life you did n't enjoy . That 's not ... You 're just a first - degree teacher who has a nervous breakdown . I have to go . Getting your hair done for D - Day for Doris . I thought it was Lucy , the girl from the field . We changed it back .
R818	( b ) ultraviolet irradiation equipment for processing milk ( heading 8434 ) ; ( c ) equipment for cleaning various articles ultrasonic ( in particular metal parts ) and ultrasonic generators ( heading 8479 ) ; ( d ) ultrasonic welding equipment ( heading 8515 ) ; ( e ) ultraviolet irradiation equipment for medical purposes , even if a practitioner does not need to use them ( heading 9018 ) ; ( f ) electric regulators for regulating electrical or non - electric variables , falling in heading 9032 . isolated wire , cables ( including coaxial cables ) and other insulated electric conductors , whether or not fitted with connectors ; optical fibre cables made from individually sheathed fibres , whether or not associated with electric conductors or fitted with connectors This heading does not include : ( subheading 8534 00 ) ; ( c ) connectors for optical fibre cables ( subheading 8536 70 00 ) . used for telecommunications See the HS Explanatory Note to heading 8544 . That report in paragraphs 305 and 306 provides that an exporting producer not found to be dumping in the original investigation must be excluded from the scope of the definitive measure imposed as a result of the investigation and can not be subject to administrative and changed circumstances review . Improving policy performance The effectiveness of the different structural instruments depends on sound political , regulatory and institutional frameworks .
R819	In many sectors , there is a need to link strategic and regulatory conditions with public investment in order to effectively remove obstacles to growth . ( a ) maintenance of the status quo ( macro - financial conditionality within the CF , compliance with EU procedures and sector - specific rules , even if not systematically applied , and no performance provisions ) ; ( b ) Assassins . The preferred option was a combined option as it would allow addressing the conditions necessary for the effective use of the CSF Funds , motivate the achievement of predefined objectives and align the implementation of the programmes with the Union 's economic governance . || Of which unemployment benefits 4 Subject : Establishment of an international nuclear fuel bank ( INFB ) and accountability to EU citizens Answer from the Commission ( 1 July 2009 ) support for the production and promotion of the ' Fires' The Fires project was developed by the OPCW Media and Public Relations Unit . its staff made four episodes , ranging from 5 to 20 minutes , including the original episode of A Teacher 's Mission , which was clearly recommended by the temporary working group of the Scientific Advisory Board of the Scientific Advisory Board of the OPCW for Education and Education as an effective learning tool . cooperation in making more episodes . Union funding will ensure that at least three other episodes are produced .
R820	The steady - state exposure of glycopyrronium ( AUC over the 24-hour dosing interval ) was approximately 1.4 to 1.7-fold higher than after the first dose . Distribution Indacaterol Following intravenous infusion , the volume of distribution of indacaterol during the terminal elimination phase was 2557 litres , indicating a significant distribution . In vitro binding of human serum and plasma protein was approximately 95 % . Glycopyrronium At steady state , after intravenous administration , the volume of distribution of glycopyrronium was 83 litres and the volume of distribution in the terminal phase was 376 litres . The apparent volume of distribution in the terminal phase following inhalation was almost 20-fold greater , reflecting a much slower elimination post inhalation . The binding of glycopyrronium to human plasma proteins was between 38 % and 41 % in vitro at concentrations of 1 to 10 nanograms / ml . Biotransformation Indacaterol Following oral administration of indacaterol to humans in the ADME study ( absorption , distribution , metabolism , excretion ) , unchanged indacaterol was the major component in the serum , accounting for approximately one - third of the total AUC0 - 24 of the drug . A hydroxylated derivative was the most prominent metabolite in serum . other important metabolites were phenolic O - glucuronides of indacaterol and hydroxylated indacaterol . The diastereomer of the hydoxylated derivative , the N - glucuronide of indacaterol , and C - and N - dealkylated products were other metabolites found .
R821	a call that said , " They all died . Why did you expect to do that ? Why did n't you say anything then ? like everyone else . All you wanted to do was get off the island . You could n't see things clearly . Like the raft . You burned it ? No , I did n't . What about the hatch ? A hatch ? Boone mentioned him when he died . A hatch ? Two hatches are on the plane . The front ... or the back . I do n't know if I can . " Come in , " she said . " Victor is very pleased to see you . is n't it , Victor ? " . . . . . .objection . it 's irrelevant . It 's the most important thing ! For this reason , the measure , including the licence fee , constitutes new State aid ( and not current within the meaning of Article 108(1 ) TFEU ) . IV.2 . COMPATIBILITY OF THE AID WITH THE INTERNAL MARKET The Commission considers that Articles 107(2 ) and 107(3)(a ) , ( b ) , ( c ) and ( d ) TFEU are obviously not applicable and neither the Danish authorities or TV2 have argued otherwise in this respect .
R822	but for many of us , the impact of your war was too great . if your government has concerns about business , we can talk . I assure you , not everyone in the Republic has discarded Mandalore , and there are those among us who would now vote to help you . negotiations in the Senate is at an advanced stage . Forgive me , Padme . I did n't invite you here for politics . I thought I 'd show you a new Mandalore . with your mom ! and she did not call from the grave , but from Bournemouth . Is that really a corpse ? She said she has n't talked to you for eight months . Andy ... His head fell off ! Oh , yeah . But how much can immortality for someone , my friend ? Who paid for it ? Why ? Of course Henry . You say he paid for it before he died ? What ? Oh , not my young friend . He was very alive . Damn it . Thanks , Dad . Are you sure ? They 've been stabbing around here for at least half an hour . That 's him , one in a million . Yeah , he likes me , but not like this . I did n't run away from my body . I still had to hide it . I could n't make love to Leni .
R823	Especially not as weak as you ! You 'll find us in Luza ghetto , Knupfergasse 7 ! I did n't understand . It was Russian . Sit down , you 're in the way . Bad , Peters ! Try again ! Next ! Forward ! 6.5 Nature and contents of container 1 ml pre - filled syringe made of glass ( Type I ) with a safety cap and a plunger stopper ( bromobutyl ) containing 0.5 ml solution . What 's your name ? Dorkis . Dorkis . with Xk ? - eSk . What 's your name ? Sorry . Hi . Hannah ? What are you doing here ? It 's Fran . Hi , nice to meet you . Seriously , it 's kind of weird that you 're here , do n't you think ? How 's that ? If you 're talking about Adam , he and I are totally cool , and we 're just going to look at the exhibition . Come on , we ca n't give up now , can we ? To the fight ! ( v ) insurance or security costs ; however , payments intended to ensure payment to the creditor in case of death , disability , sickness or unemployment of the consumer , equal to or less than the total amount of the loan , together with the relevant interest and other charges to be imposed by the creditor as a condition for granting the credit .
R824	Gentlemen , our meeting may begin . Okay . Right to the point . We all know why we 're here . We 're having trouble with an intruder . The police 's efforts to catch the child killer are disrupting our affairs completely unbearably . We have to figure this out , or we 're gon na go bankrupt . our reserves are exhausted . Besides , it 's our reputation . The cops are looking for a killer between us . Any revenue from the contribution from candidate countries for participation in Community programmes and from the western Balkan countries included in the stabilisation and association process , entered in Item 6 0 3 1 of the statement of revenue , may give rise to the provision of additional appropriations in accordance with Article 18(1)(d ) of the Financial Regulation . Legal basis Decision No 1672/2006/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 2006 establishing a Community Programme for Employment and Social Solidarity - Progress ( OJ L 315 , 15.11.2006 , p. 1 ) . 04 04 01 06 Support for implementation Figures ( Differentiated appropriations ) Appropriations 2007 Appropriations 2006 Outturn 2005 Commitments Payments Commitments Payments Commitments Payments The likely schedule of payments vis - à - vis commitments is as follows :
R825	commitment Payments Subsequent years and others Pre-2006 commitments still outstanding Commitment appropriations made available again and/or carried over from 2005 Appropriations 2006 Appropriations 2007 Total Remarks New item This appropriation is intended to support the implementation of the programme under evaluation and the annual Social Agenda ( PROGRESS ) , which promotes dialogue between all stakeholders at all levels , publishes the results of the programme and is about future priorities . activity data ( 3 ) she did n't leave the house . Danny bought her a beer . Anna lied . because your son told her . No ! Your niece is the one that haunts him day and night . Look , I 'm just trying to be nice . I was just going to let you know that Anna is taking her story back . Wait , slow down , all right ? too late . I called to Gor Hajus and the others to stand against the wall on either side of the gate , and as the hounds ran in , I pointed to the Toonolian soldiers . I do n't think the monsters could tell exactly who their allies and enemies were , but the Toonolians attacked them at once while we stood side by side and the points of the sword were leaning on the ground .
R826	and once it was certain that we had escaped safely from Ra Thavasa 's Isle , I had removed Xaxe and Sag Oo 's gag , and let me tell you that I immediately began to regret it , for I had never in my life been the object of so many and so vulgar curses that came from the twitching Jeddara 's mouth , and only when I was going to shut her mouth again It stops . but I could not get them anywhere but in Phundahl , for I still held the key that would give me access to all the riches of the city , while all Toonol was in arms , ready not only to catch us but to kill us , for Vobis Kan 's fear of Gor Hajus . That was why we were headed for Phundahl , though even there we were returning as secretly as we had left , for it was necessary for us to get into the Jeddara 's palace undetected . By day we rested again on the same island , which gave us refuge on our flight here , and at dusk we rose to the last part of the journey to Phundahl . limited quality , combined with the different tax systems , the benefits of cheap labour and the relatively low transport costs for incumbent producers in Europe . " Are n't you afraid of men camped all around ? " Morgaine laughed .
R827	1 . Select the Delete setting in the File and Software menu . Keep this leaflet . You may need to read it again . If you have any further questions , ask your doctor or pharmacist . This medicine has been prescribed for you only . Do not pass it on to others . It may harm them , even if their signs of illness are the same as yours . This includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . See section 4 . If this is useful and/or necessary , the chair may invite observers who have specific expertise in a topic on a subject on the agenda to the group or sub - group . the negotiations were conducted on the basis of an open programme with a highly participatory approach . The consultation lasted until 5 January 2011 and could be addressed by all stakeholders : individual citizens , civil society organisations , public authorities , research and innovation institutions , European and international organisations and others . 412 respondents participated , with five additional comments received from the Commission . The Commission analysed the views expressed by the Commission with the assistance of an external consultant . Do not freeze . Do not expose to excessive heat or direct sunlight . Once in use may be used for 21 days . [ 12 ] More information on this legislative proposal is given in the accompanying explanatory memorandum .
R828	The relevant provisions of the Treaty establishing the European Community governing proceedings before the Court of Justice , the Protocol on the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Communities and its Rules of Procedure shall apply . Article 8 Territorial application This Agreement shall apply to the territories referred to in Article 299 of the Treaty establishing the European Community . Article 9 Termination of the Agreement 1 . Lobos needs us to move this stuff . You always said , " Opportunity is a happiness plus ... " " Preparing , " Tommy , but we 've never sold so much before . We got ta be ready , man . we need to think first , okay ? we ca n't think too long . Hold on , man . Glad to see you 've finally reconciled your priorities . This is going to be a good thing , Ghost . Double the product ? That 's doubling everything . more territory , more enemies . How are you gon na survive this ? You mean how we 're gon na survive . Because if I sell more , I 'll rely on you to do the same . No , all men go through this ? If it is , it 's fine , it 's fine . Information within the meaning of paragraphs 1 , 2 , 4 and 5 shall be reported in accordance with Article 6(5 ) of this Regulation . Come on . Paul Armstrong .
R829	the more I learned the methods of physical terror , the more Oh , please . You love him . and you 'd like to have at least 10,000 children with him . Shut up . I 'm Ricky . I know . You think I do n't remember the scary incident you were filming last night ? I did n't mean to scare you . I just think you 're interesting . Thanks . But I really do n't need a psycho who 's obsessive about me . I 'm just curious . He 's a madman . The biggest animal is coming . all of them are here with their husband or someone important . I do n't know why he 's saying that . It 's okay . Go on . Then I went downstairs , Roderick was by the fireplace . He burned his clothes . This is completely insane ! She 's lying to you ! he told me to get rid of it . I 'm gon na go outside for a while . A little fresh air . There you are . However , the transfer and the retroactive loss transfer to different tax periods is , however , granted by the permanent establishments in the United Kingdom without regard to whether such losses are also taken into account in the company 's Member State . Subject : Natura 2000 network between Donostia - San Sebastián and Biarritz Answer from the Commission ( 11 August 2010 )
R830	Please undertake to ensure that the detailed records referred to in point ( B ) are kept for 10 years from the date on which the aid was granted . You undertake to provide the EFTA Surveillance Authority with the records referred to in point ( B ) above on request . Other information Please indicate any other information you consider necessary to assess the measure in question under the EFTA Surveillance Authority 's State Aid Guidelines on State aid for research and development and innovation . " PART III.6.b SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION SHEET ON RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AID AND INNOVATION : INDIVIDUAL AID This supplementary information sheet must be used for the notification of any individual aid covered by the EFTA Surveillance Authority 's State Aid Guidelines on State aid for research and development and innovation ( hereinafter referred to as the " R & D & I Guidelines " ) ( 78 ) s It must also be used in the case of individual aid to SME research and development which does not fall under the General Block Exemption Regulation ( 79 ) or subject to individual notification obligations since it exceeds the individual notification thresholds laid down in that Regulation .
R831	Project description Compatibility of aid under Article 61(3)(c ) of the Ehp Agreement Aid for R & D projects Aid for technical feasibility studies Aid for industrial property rights costs for SMEs Aid for young innovative enterprises ( for small enterprises ) Aid for the loan of highly qualified personnel ( for SMEs ) And my trick is to go over there and talk to this one and that one , and finally get to the story of how I got the nickname called " Handless . " We 're at her house , you know ? I 'm beginning to understand that she sees a poor person in me , but she 's not backing out . You know why ? So we 're getting to the critical stage where I 'm going to show her that hand . Every time , sooner or later , in five minutes they 've been looking at me , they 're gon na cry . I 'm on my way , I 'm gon na sit next to them , and all of a sudden , they 're on my good side . I sit next to her , I hold her with my good hand , and I say , " It 's okay . with your help , I 'll go out and be ashamed of the hand . " and so on . Yeah , I know more pussy than a toilet board , I 'm not kidding .
R832	Do you think I do n't know that sometimes I get upset ? And it 's ... and sometimes you 're more troubled than ever , so that 's it . But you do n't tolerate it . I feel like I do n't have the right . I have nothing to talk about . You stole my dreams . Everything 's gon na change , ma'am . dreams of youth will yield to dreams of maturity . dreams are my specialty . through dreams , I affect human beings . My dream is eternity with you . the removal of the user or the commencement of the service to any destination shall take place in the territory of the municipality which issued the authorisation , with prior consent of the driver for destinations beyond the municipal or district boundaries , without prejudice to Article 4(5 ) . In general , it is useful for it to be preceded by a schematic overview of the pleas in law on which it is based . Furthermore , it is highly desirable that each complaint should be given a heading , so that it can be easily identified . the documents referred to in Article 51(2 ) and ( 3 ) and Article 78 of the Rules of Procedure must be submitted .
R833	a summary of the pleas in law and main arguments relied on must be presented separately from the content of the proposal and the annexes referred to therein . If a summary of the pleas in law and main arguments relied on is not submitted by means of e - Curia , it must be sent by e - mail , in the form of a simple electronic file made with a text editor , to GC.Registry curia.europa.eu , with an indication of the case to which it relates . where the application is made after service of the order making a decision on an application for legal aid or , where that order is not provided for by a lawyer to represent the applicant for legal aid , after service of the order designating the lawyer instructed to represent the applicant , the date on which the order was served on the applicant must also indicate the date on which the order was served on the applicant . This decision is based on Article 6(1)(b ) of Council Regulation ( EC ) No 139/2004 . The full text of the decision is available only in English and will be made public after it is cleared of any business secrets it may contain . It will be available : from the Europa competition website ( http://ec.europa.eu/comm/competition/mergers/cases/ ) .
R834	I thought I 'd find out who ruined my brother 's life . You 're wrong . We used to send wishes with wishes . Cardboard , candle , paper balloon . One or two of them landed on the roof of the club . Maybe there was gasoline on the cartridge from the garage of the garage . but that was three months ago . the club did n't burn down last night or last night . Looks like the sister 's grieving story makes sense . then they fell here when part of the roof collapsed . and we still do n't have a focus , so we 're back to square one . I 've recently learned a new technique about fires , and I 'd like to try it out . At least he has to leave you out of it . I want you to leave Paris . I want you to go to America . No , the Orient or the other . Please , it 'll be easier for me , I implore you . Sir ? Yes ? Señor Paravideo wants to see you , sir . A gentleman from South America , I believe , sir . which is a somewhat aroused mood . Who is it ? Mademoiselle , monsieur . By the way , it 's Toothpick 's ex - girlfriend . You do n't want to make any of those guys angry . Damn it !
R835	Leave it down , leave it down . Bone control ! Five bucks a head ! five dollars . Five dollars , a knuckle . I do n't have them . What ? What 's going on ? Who was it ? there was a death . her friend , Catherine Ross . Is she okay ? I meant Sally . Everything you tell me , I keep to myself . every time she did n't tell me what she was up to . My parents do n't let me out much . What was on Saturday night when you went to see Magnus Bain ? and then what happened ? I went home . It 's his problem . Of course . Hey , Kana , do you want to go to the disco with us ? is n't it ? Are you okay ? If you want , I 'll go with you . Good - bye . Vala . I 'll help you . I feel sick . Where 's Oli ? You need to rest . What happened ? I 'll be 17 in a week , and my father 's sending me on the Eastern front . no matter what , I would n't do it . she had sat here for an hour , waiting for the child to obey her unspoken command , silent calls to raise her eyes and search the shadows between the foliage .
R836	I allowed certain parts of the ISI to release information about his whereabouts . I saw Porter 's latest report . He told you he ran into a Trojan horse , did n't he ? but you did n't tell them what you know . Mahmoud , ATAT . but before your section , you kept it a secret . I wanted to stop you ! and you just helped me . You did not disclose your suspicions to the people who trusted you the most . but why ? because of your interests ? Not a reputation . Fishing masters or masters of EU fishing vessels involved in landing or transhipment operations in a prescribed port of Solomon Islands shall allow and facilitate the inspection of such operations by Solomon Islands inspectors . At the end of each inspection in port , a certificate shall be issued to the master or the master of the vessel . Appendix I. a fishing authorisation application form . II . Vessel logbook Appendix I Appendix II AGREEMENT in the form of an Exchange of Letters on the provisional application of the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Union and Solomon Islands Sir , I am pleased that the Solomon Islands and European Union negotiators have reached a consensus on the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between Solomon Islands and the European Union , and the Protocol setting out the fishing opportunities and financial contribution ; and its attachments .
R837	Therefore , I propose to initiate in parallel the procedures for the approval and ratification of the texts of the Agreement , the Protocol and the Annex and Appendices , in accordance with the procedures in force in Solomon Islands and the European Union and necessary for their entry into force . with a view not to interrupting the fishing activities of EU vessels in Solomon Islands waters and with reference to the Agreement and the Protocol initialled on 26 September 2009 setting out the fishing opportunities and the financial contribution for the period from 9 October 2009 to 8 October 2012 , I have the honour to inform you that the Government of Solomon Islands is prepared to apply the Agreement and the Protocol as from 9 October 2009 9 before it enters into force in accordance with Article 18 of the Agreement , if the European Union is willing to act in the same way . In this case , the first instalment of the financial contribution , laid down by Article 2 of the Protocol , must be paid before 1 December 2010 . I would be very glad if you would confirm the agreement of the European Union with the provisional application . For Solomon Islands Sir , I have the honour to acknowledge receipt of your letter of today 's date which reads as follows :
R838	In order to simplify the administrative procedure and in view of the wide availability of the necessary technology , the summary information should be provided in electronic form . In order to improve the transparency of regional aid in an enlarged Community , Member States should publish the full text of the aid scheme and communicate to the Commission the website of which the text is published . Article 2 In order to cover the expenditure related to the mandate of the ICM / EUSR Preparation Team from 15 September 2006 to 31 July 2007 , the financial reference amount of EUR 869 000 referred to in Article 9(1 ) of Joint Action 2006/623/CFSP shall be increased by EUR 807 000 . Article 3 This Joint Action shall enter into force on the date of its adoption . Article 4 This Joint Action shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union . Done at Brussels , 27 March 2007 . rules . If you do n't feed food , your whole family can get sick and die . The other : all government rations of food and medicine ... will be divided fairly . The frauds and those who disobey will see ... their ancestors and descendants die . Third ... Deyi , I heard you scored . I live day to day . Three :
R839	Does the insurance undertaking fulfil sufficiently its obligation to communicate information in accordance with Annex IIIA and 12 to Directive 2002/83/EC if it presents the securities identification number ( WCN ) , or as otherwise explains the ' definition of the units' , in order to comply with the obligation to communicate information ? Does the insurance undertaking fulfil sufficiently its obligation to communicate information under Annex IIIA and 12 to Directive 2002/83/EC if it presents the securities identification number ( WCN ) , or is it to provide more detailed information ? Is Article 36(1 ) of Directive 2002/83/EC imposing an obligation on the insurance undertaking to provide the information set out in Annex III A or is it sufficient if that information is provided by a third party , such as an insurance intermediary within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 9 December 2002 on insurance mediation ? Is Directive 2002/83/EC required that Article 36 be transposed into the national law of the Member States in such a way that policyholders are entitled to a civil right to receive data under Annex III or is sufficient for transposition into national law if , for failure to comply with the obligation to communicate information under Annex III to the relevant directive , only a sanction is imposed by the regulatory authority , such as the imposition of a fine , the withdrawal of a licence or another similar measure ?
R840	not a son from his kemmer , he had seven of them , but an heir of his body , a royal son . The king was pregnant . It seemed amusing , and the people in the clan , too , though the reasons were different . They said he was old enough to have kids , and they started joking about the subject , and they had dirty innuendo . the old men came and talked about nothing else for a few days . the king laughed , but they were not much interested in him . for centuries , the seeming State , united for centuries , was in fact the bewilderment of non - equivalent principals , towns , villages , " pseudo - feudal tribal economic groups " , a vast number of powerful , capable , controversial personalities , and a network of official authority . I felt that nothing could ever unite Karhide as a nation . The enormous dispersion of fast communications usually brings almost inevitably nationalism , but nothing like this has happened . I was completely intrigued by the idea . Yes ? We need to talk to you . It looked like she packed her backpack . Maybe . She did n't answer me for one message . No . About the news . Emily , every detail counts . Breathe again . Okay . 10th date EXSPIA EXP { month / year } PRAGUE HOTEL ESCORT Petra 22 see more images
R841	Arrest the girl for wrongful seduction ! Hatter ! Take him to the White Queen . Go ! Run , Alice ! Alice ? Run ! Seize her . Alice . Why did n't I notice ? a military official involved in the violence in Homs . The 103rd Brigade of the Republican Guard Division . a military official involved in the violence in Homs . That 's right . Thanks a lot , Jake . You want to grab a drink later ? I would invite Amy , but I can only bring one guest . No , it 's fine . I 'm sure he 's busy today . the tax return has to be surrendered in eight months . it should have been two weeks ago . But the drink sounds good . tropical . I go out every time I solve a case , so I 'm here a lot . My cholesterol is terrible . In accordance with Article 6.4 of the Regulation , the amount of aid , including cases of cumulation with other public support schemes , does not in any event exceed the percentage referred to in Article 11(2 ) of the Regulation by way of derogation ( EC ) No 1857/2006 ( 80 % ) . The amount of compensatory aid in annual instalments depends on the activities carried out and calculated on the basis of the following table : I love my TEC-9 . I 'll put it on . Watch this gun .
R842	It is produced in Austria . But my customers do n't know shit about him , so he 's not interested . One moment . But put the gun in the movie , and everybody 's gon na want it . I wish I knew . 45 minutes before ' I promise ' . That stupid Tom ! Scarlett . Sure . Give me 20 seconds . time . Time ! Ten minutes to nine . Bastards . Jessica , stop jumping , please . One , two , three ... smile ! That 's gon na work , right ? Yes , I hope he shows up here . Tom ! with my father 's songs , Billy Ray . 9.95 only . Can somebody help us ? Is there anyone who can help us ? Hey , Hancock . Hancock ? We need help . Get up , you drunken son of a bitch . Pick up your ass , get in there and put that shit in order . Asshole ! I need a drink . The Finanzgericht upheld the application by holding that , unlike the actual factoring , the transfer of a risk - bearing debt was not a service supplied by the seller , which was liable for VAT . I want my children and grandchildren to get them , so they can be crazy prominents . Look , you 've been building your career for years . You still have plenty of time to figure out the rest .
R843	36 As is apparent from paragraph 30 above , the applicant brought an action against the decision of 29 April 2010 , so that it effectively applied the right available to it under Article 263 TFEU , namely the right to challenge the lawfulness of that decision before the European Union judicature . Hydrochlorothiazide Mechanism of action The site of action of thiazide diuretics is primarily in the renal distal convoluted tubule . It has been shown that there is a high - affinity receptor in the renal cortex , which is the primary binding site for the thiazide diuretic and inhibits NaCl transport in the distal convoluted tubule . mechanism of action of thiazides is based on the inhibition of Na + Cl - symporter presumably by competing with the Cl - binding site , thus influencing the reabsorption of electrolyte reabsorption : directly increases the excretion of sodium and chlorine in approximately the same proportions and indirectly by reducing the plasma renin activity , aldosterone secretion , and urinary potassium loss leading to an increase in urinary lowered serum levels . Paediatric population The European Medicines Agency has waived the obligation to submit the results of studies with Dafiro HCT in all subsets of the paediatric population in essential hypertension ( see section 4.2 for information on paediatric use ) . other : dual blockade of the renin - angiotensin - aldosterone ( RAAS )
R844	According to the Commission 2013 autumn forecast , the debt - to - GDP ratio is estimated to decrease from 55,6 % in 2012 to 51 % in 2014 , mainly as a result of the announced transfer of pension funds assets of 8,5 % of GDP , before increasing to 52,5 % in 2015 . Oh , my God , I 'm begging you to make this work . 10 lines . 3 lines / Argument2 total . 10 lines / Argument2 total . Reset Continue tracking current record This action is only available if the user has already suspended reading . Stop blank record open file in KSystemLog Print Selection ... Print Selection maybe you should think it over . I 'm sure you can find that guy inside of you . Maybe . I 'm trying to picture you as a sexy killer lawyer . I was really good . Really ? That 'll be 5.75 . Sebastian , what a surprise . Yeah , sure , Mrs. Donovan . And I wish you 'd give me golf lessons like I asked you to . and I 'm sure they have a pro at the club . but you look like a natural talent . Hello ? Hello ! Do you have it all ? What does it matter ? Theo , how are you doing ? I hope you 're right , that last one will only take a miracle . We have Christmas , Theo .
R845	That 's the time of miracles , so head up and call me when you get to the last lock . Karl , hunt this motherfucker down and get those detonators . Fritz is checking the explosives . I 'll check the explosives . Hey , Powell , are you there ? Yeah , he fought bravely , but he 's already done it . Biotransformation Olanzapine is metabolized in the liver by conjugative and oxidative pathways . The major circulating metabolite is the 10-N - glucuronide , which does not pass the blood brain barrier . The cytochromes P450-CYP1A2 and P450-CYP2D6 contribute to the formation of the N - desmethyl and 2-hydroxymethyl metabolites , both exhibited significantly less in vivo pharmacological activity than olanzapine in animal studies . The predominant pharmacologic activity is from the parent olanzapine . How come he 's taunting some poor guy ? Did n't he tell you ? every week he and his friends have a douchebag for supper . They invite a colossal idiot , and they make fun of him all night . still your briefcase . Let 's go ! Did you invite anyone else ? We 'll talk in the elevator . What kind of people did you invite ? Why the interrogation ? Compliance with the conditions laid down in paragraph 1 shall be demonstrated to the customs authorities of the importing country by the production of : Ichigo ... Come on ! Is that you , Rukia ? Yes , it 's me .
R846	shinigami ? Do n't ! An error occurred while updating private key information in the database . And ... does she like animals ? It does . and the animals like her ? It 's not . Yes . Jefferson , are you flirting with me ? No , I would n't do that . Do n't apologize , I 'm flattered . A married woman is always pleased to see that she is still attractive to men . You ... Did I get your breath out ? You got it . That 's so sweet . Five years ago he was proud of the standard of the Elks , marching to a similar assembly , singing the Song of Tempos , and sharing a drink with the men who had gone into battle with him , and perhaps perished . when he had a different view of the battle , he considered it a glorious test of warrior courage . " Unconscious savagery , " he murmured , imagining how innocent he was then . has gained experience , and his opinions have changed radically . he went through the teaching of Bruenor and Drizzt , became his friends , illuminated the complexities of the world , and taught him to see individuals where he had once seen only the masses of enemies . He approached the camp and saw that he had not seen the ceremonial hall of Hengorot .
R847	" Who are you to come to Heafstaag 's counsel without an escort and without an invitation ? " the guard measured Wulfgar cautiously - his weapon and the powerful figure impressed him . " You do n't look like a beggar , warrior , but we do n't know you . " " You know me , Revjak , son of Jorn the Red , " Wulfgar smiled , recognizing the man of the tribe . " I am Wulfgar , son of Beornegar , warrior of the Elk tribe . 60034 - 12:1995 + A2:1995 + A11:1999 Note 2.1 Date expired Cenelec EN 60034 - 14:1996 Rotating electrical machines - Part 14 : 14:1996 ) HD 53.14 S1:1992 Note 2.1 Date expired Cenelec EN 60034 - 14:2004 Rotating electrical machines - Part 14 : Mechanical vibration of certain machines with heights of 56 mm and higher - Measurement , evaluation and limits of vibration severity ( IEC 60034 - 14:2003 ) EN 60034 - 14:1996 Note 2.1 Cenelec EN 60051 - 1:1998 Direct acting indicating analogue electrical measuring instruments and their accessories - Part 1 : Definitions and general requirements common to all parts ( IEC 60051 - 1:1997 ) 3.1.1 In this respect , the first question should be how to reconcile the interests of the countries exporting and importing capital . the following table briefly presents their main approaches .
R848	introduction Risk management is a fundamental principle of modern customs control methods . The customs authorities shall put in place analysis and control mechanisms with the aim of ensuring the effectiveness of the control procedures throughout the customs territory . The procedures should be continuously reviewed and adapted in order to be able to meet the new requirements where necessary . On the basis of risk management , customs endeavours to strike a fair and fair balance between the fight against fraud , on the one hand , and , on the other , the need to prevent as little as possible the legal movement of goods and persons and to maintain the lowest costs . What ? It 's a special friend you fuck . I grew up early when I was a girl . If the Terran authorities temporarily allowed me to fulfill my duties in the Guild House , could I , when I finished them , perform the work of the Empire as before ? " " No , of course not , " Magda said , and the thought of it was repulsive . the alteration , of course , is inherently meaningless . That 's why Frieda has to go back to the bar right now . Maybe he 'll disturb the fact that he 's coming back .
R849	General comments The projects ' Trans - European high - speed backbone connections for public authorities' and ' Implementation of ICT solutions for intelligent energy networks and for the provision of intelligent energy services' have been abolished . The project to develop new digital service infrastructures to facilitate transfer from one European country to another , the " European platform for interconnection of employment and social security services " and " on - line administrative cooperation platforms " were abandoned . The European Parliament 's Industry , Research and Energy Committee added to the list further digital service infrastructures for the " deployment of public transport infrastructures allowing the use of safe and interoperable mobile proximal services " , " online dispute settlement platform " , " European platform for access to education resources " and " interoperable cross - border e - services for invoicing " . As the EESC has already highlighted in a number of opinions , universal access to broadband is not only a prerequisite for the development of modern economies , but also an essential element for creating new jobs , for better cohesion , for well - being and for the involvement of actors and whole economically and culturally disadvantaged areas into the digital society . The establishment of the objectives and priorities of projects of common interest developed to achieve these objectives meets the fundamental requirement to make optimal use of financial resources and to achieve precise objectives without dispersal of resources .
R850	The EESC welcomes the reaffirmation of the principle of technological neutrality , which is essential for the truly open internet . The EESC points out that funding must be spent in support of network solutions , which will be open and accessible on a non - discriminatory basis for citizens and businesses , on a non - discriminatory basis . The EESC notes , however , the extremely difficult position of the Commission , which , in view of the reduction in the initial budgetary resources , is intended to distribute fairly the funds allocated under this regulation . It is already clear that none of the Member States and investors are willing to finance cross - border services . EU added value is therefore high . The EESC reiterates its call for the development of European , national and regional maps to identify uncovered areas and facilitate the development of new public or private initiatives . It is also important to open up cooperation with third countries and international organisations in order to enhance the interoperability of the relevant telecommunications networks . Article 2 of Commission Regulation ( EEC ) No 1251/70 of 29 June 1970 on the right to remain in the territory of a Member State after termination of employment in that State ( 5 ) provides as follows :
R851	177 As regards compliance with the principle of equal treatment , in order to conclude that there is a significant difference between the relevant degree of cooperation provided by undertakings , it is necessary to compare the cooperation provided in terms of both temporal , which is , first of all , a review of the stage in which the cooperation was provided and of qualitative , second , the conditions in which the undertakings have cooperated and the value of the information which each of them has provided for that cooperation . See paragraph 172 above ) . 177 As regards the administrative procedure in which the undertakings concerned cooperated , it is not disputed in the present case that the effective cooperation of John Menzies was not earlier than the applicants' cooperation . The spontaneous cooperation of John Menzies was reflected in its statement of 13 January 1998 , whereas the applicants' cooperation started on 21 January 1998 . However , the fact that the applicants have begun to cooperate effectively with the Commission eight days after John Menzies does not in itself justify that a reduction of the fine for the cooperation granted to John Menzies is greater than that granted to Nintendo . 178 In that regard , it should be borne in mind that , in order to be regarded as comparable , cooperation between undertakings may not necessarily start on the same day , but must start at the same stage of the procedure .
R852	182As regards , next , the content of the information supplied by John Menzies and Nintendo , it should be noted that , according to the Commission , the letter of 4 April 1996 sent by NOE to John Menzies and the reply of that company from 11 April 1996 ' contributed greatly to the demonstration of extensive cooperation ... with a view to halting parallel exports' ( see recital 456 of the Decision ) . It is clear from the file and , in particular , from the document submitted by the applicants at the hearing , on which the Commission could make observations ( see paragraph 28 above ) , that those two letters , referred to in recitals 127 to 131 of the Decision , were spontaneously submitted not only by John Menzies but also by Nintendo . It 's not in such a state for you to be there , sir . " I do n't need it to be all right , Mrs. Leaf . I just need the key . " The room has n't been opened for nearly five years since His Lordship died . " Vana 's driver is ... I see gold . Hell , if I 'd only seen a landmark ... or a sign . This is your kidnapper . perfect work . Really , this is a BTW security problem . I 'll take that into account , so we have to deal with it .
R853	You said I was the best you 'd ever seen . He knew , moreover , that Captain Hod and his friends had only a few rounds left , and that the carbines and rifles would soon be useless in their hands . I do n't want to play with you anymore . directory connector Drag onto the page to connect objects in a parent - subordinate relationship . positioning connection locations bidirectional objects print print queue print queue contact object organisational unit He 's gon na be watching things right there , which is better than making up stories on the street . are so helpful . we 're gon na want them on every case . I hope this is your enthusiasm . I was gon na say " hurrah . " Sergeant . Let 's go , Lieutenant . We have orders to leave . Buzz , film everything here . get as many people in the crowd as possible . Do you want to see if anyone admires their work ? That 's right . Two firemen . One from Burbank , one from County . TipCars select YOUR CAR passenger cars Fiat Seicento offered by car bazaars from our offer Fiat Seicento 1.0i Velice 2003 , 30 000 km , hatchback / 0 & nbsp&nbsp(blue ) , petrol , 1000 ccm Equipment : manual transmission , 2x airbags , power steering , adjustable steering wheel , el .
R854	I left your son alive . Angel has to deal with Holtz in his own way . You said you 'd do anything for me . Hi . What do you got there ? I know you 're very worried about Angelo 's well - being , so I did Mock - na . Oh , Mock - na . which is ... ? Something that will help you relax the tension . that mud gives it consistency and taste . Of course , there 's no area - weed in this dimension ... ... so I did it with a weird fig and sour grass . it 's actually not the real Mock - na , but it 's very similar . So this is a fake Mock - na . For a while , I thought you were really gon na eat me . I thought that ... What ? Article 2 The standard value to be deducted from financial compensation and related advances shall be that applied in the Member State in which the producer organisation is recognised . Article 3 This Regulation shall enter into force on the day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . It shall apply from 1 January 2007 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 21 December 2006 . - Very rare : and he said : Dad !
R855	in broad daylight ! They blew it on softball , kids , everything . has been declared impossible , or is considered to be considered as such , to be harmonised . ( b ) the application of a systematic accounting approach . Among examples are the breakdown of one total amount into different dimensions , such as the sum of the supply and use of goods and services by product and by industry and who produces , who pays and who benefits from a particular service , and systematic stocks of stocks and flows , and consistent accounting in monetary and non - monetary expressions . a systematic accounting approach is characterised in terms of consistency and consistency . It also allows accounting analyses based on decomposition where the change in the total amount is explained by changes in the individual parts , changes in value are explained by changes in volume and price , and changes in stocks are explained by the corresponding flows and constant ratios used in the input - output analysis or the input - output analysis . ( c ) consistency with the underlying concepts of national accounting .
R856	Among examples are the concept of special stocks and flows , such as production , compensation of employees , taxes , social benefits and capital formation , classification by industry and institutional sectors such as agricultural and manufacturing industries or general government sectors , and main balancing items such as value added , domestic product , disposable income and net worth . These basic national accounting concepts are established worldwide , stable over time , and their measurement is relatively immune to political pressures ; ( d ) consistency with national accounting statistics : these are readily available , comparable over time , compiled according to common international standards and make it possible to assess satellite account indicators from the perspective of the national economy and its main components , for example in relation to economic growth and public finances . functional classifications Functional classifications classify expenditure per sector and per expenditure purpose . ( a ) classification of individual consumption by purpose ( COICOP ) ; ( b ) classification of the functions of general government ( COFOG ) ; ( c ) the classification of non - profit institutions ( COPNI ) services ; ( d ) classification of expenditure by producers by purpose ( COPP ) . Oh ... I 'm here . I wanted to thank you . They 're coming to you . I have to run . It was good to see you . I was glad to see you , too , Dwight .
R857	The reform should also take into account the technological feasibility and the economic viability of the industry and carefully consider the risks of potential unintended consequences . The conditions under which , according to that report , it is possible to consider that there is no State aid within the meaning of Article 97(1 ) EC were not met in the present case . In addition , the Commission notes that GRAWE is internationally active , so that any advantage granted to State resources would affect competition in the banking sector and could distort intra - Community trade . As regards the question whether GRAWE had a selective advantage , the Commission points out that it is necessary to determine whether the Province of Burgenland acted as a private vendor test . 21 As regards that aspect , the Commission points out that the Province of Burgenland has submitted an offer to the Consortium whose nominal value exceeded GRAWE 's bid for EUR 54.7 million and states that a MEO could , by way of exception , opt for a lower bid in two cases .
R858	23 The second case concerns a situation where factors other than the price are justified , taking into account only those factors which a market economy investor would have calculated , which , according to the Commission , excludes the risks arising from such an obligation to pay a guarantee , which must be regarded as State aid such as Ausfallhaftung , which is the only factor relied on by the Austrian authorities . The financial advantage granted to GRAWE corresponds at least to the difference between the Consortium 's offer and the actual purchase price . In the light of the foregoing , I consider that the provision in question does not fall within the scope of Directive 97/81 and that there is therefore no need to answer the second question referred . you are under arrest for employing illegal workers . Keiko . Do you have a work permit ? Permission ? Okay . Listen , I had a great time last night ... And I 'm sorry for kissing you . I 'm glad . So ... they 've been here for 36 hours . It hurts when you accuse me like that . and because I do n't want it to be lost time , I want to trust them . Does n't that therapy work at all ? I do n't know , John . I feel stupid sitting there talking about my little problems , and I know those kids are starving . Well ...
R859	The kids from Ethiopia do n't feed the kids . I know . you 've never used the word " fuck " before . Shit ! It 's so blatant , I ca n't believe you did it . What 's so stupid about that ? You do n't even know the guy . You know him . from what you told me , I do n't know . I have a son . I once wanted to be a writer . Why not ? Why are there specific rules on the the " service of documents " ? Which documents must be served in court ? Who is responsible for serving a document ? How is the document in practice normally served ? What happens when in exceptional cases service to the addressee himself is not possible ( e.g. because he is not at home ) ? Is there any written proof that the document has been served ? Can the service of the document nevertheless be valid ? What was your topic ? What were you wearing ? Cece and I were 18 , and we rented a room at a hotel . So ... would you like to fool around ? Yeah , I 'd like that . Do I have your permission ? Yes , you do . He and I were the founding members . and also the only members of the Comprehensive Equality Society .
R860	we both invited each other to the prom , and in the spirit of intersex equality , we agreed . Okay , skip it . No one cares . Do I have your permission ? Yeah . I need to know . No , Aurora ! Let her go ! The next one dies ! Come with us . They 're ready to die for you . What the hell do you think you 're doing ? What 's wrong with you ? You think this is a game ? Why did you shoot him ? Are you trying to kill us ? Why do n't you just let me go ? Hi . Where the hell is Paula ? EN Official Journal of the European Union C 6/5 JUDGMENT OF THE COURT ( Grand Chamber ) of 16 November 2004 in Case C-245/02 : ( Agreement establishing the World Trade Organisation - Articles 2(1 ) , 16(1 ) and 70 of the TRIPs Agreement - Trade marks - Scope of the exclusive right of the proprietor of the mark - Alleged use of the sign as a trade name ) ( 2005/C 6/08 ) This is Da Vinci 's Last Supper . This is Monte Cassino monastery , founded in 529 Saint Benedict . That 's what he looked like in February . and this way in March , when we dropped 20 tons of explosives on it .
R861	Mr. President , in this war , we have reached a point where the survival of the greatest historical works is endangered . People are dying , and with them , sometimes their historical works . but that 's not all . This is the Gent Altar . is one of the central artifacts of the Catholic Church . We know it was stolen by the Nazis . While we are fighting the war in which we will surely win , we should not forget what a price we can pay if we allow the foundations of modern society to be destroyed . Not that I do n't like it but I do n't know what to think Of course . And now we celebrate Daniel 's departure ... ... I expect a great celebration if her heart is cut out , she does n't care what tool you use . I 've also been thinking about the way we can protect our interests , and at the same time test Teresa Colvin 's loyalty . Indeed I do . Yes . Thank you , gentlemen . Teresa . I 'm sorry to show up unannounced . I tried to stop them , but ... But I fucked up on my own . Well , that 's when the colonel - the son of a bitch stole my idea with one skis and pronounced the mountains behind a private ski academy . and then we were all back on the sloppy hill .
R862	Dude , why do n't you do that shit one more time and win the mountain back for us ? How do you think I 'm gon na do that , Balls ? Pretend I 'm not tired , sour and drunk ? No , be polite . I 'll buy you two glasses of beer . Actually , you know , I 'm not mate , sir . I 'm a man . a bra is what keeps women 's breasts . During the RIP , the volume of imports from India amounted to 31 tonnes , i.e. less than 0,1 % of the Union consumption in the RIP : 1 8 2 Further training and information for staff 1 8 2 0 Further training , retraining and information for staff Appropriations 2006 Appropriations 2005 Outturn 2004 Remarks Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities , and in particular the third paragraph of Article 24 thereof . This appropriation is intended to cover the organisation of further vocational training courses including language courses and seminars in financial management and control on an interinstitutional basis and the registration fees for similar seminars organised in the Member States . It also covers the purchase of teaching and technical equipment for staff training . What would I think ? ! I mean the panties , you son of a bitch ! The best polka you 've ever heard . You want Cronauer back , right ? You want it back , you 're not alone .
R863	( d ) infrastructures and vehicles reserved exclusively for local use or historical or tourist purposes . Do n't look back . Just run . If we 're gon na find their weakness , we need to find out where they 're from . What else do we know about them ? Information ! Yes , that narrows it down . that narrows it down . compression technology . That narrows it down . The spaceship in the Thames . You said he had an airborne engine ? that narrows it down . He hunts like it 's a ritual . " I know , Damien , that all of this must look absolutely of course . I know . But I did n't see it at the time . strange blindness . " how many husbands and wives must think , " he said sadly , " that they are no longer in love , because now they will no longer race to see their beloved ! Oh , dear God ! " he shook his head , then nodded . " I think that 's it , Damien . . . obsession . . . not in wars , as some believe , not so much , and very rarely in such unusual interventions as in this case . . . this little girl . . . this poor child .
R864	No , I see the cause most often in small things , Damien , in meaningless petty grudges , misunderstandings , in cruel and poisonous words that are not invoked by friends . Lovers . " But enough about that , " Merrin whispered , " we do n't need Satan to take care of our wars , we 'll take care of ourselves . . . ourselves . . . " from the bedroom , there was a rhythm of rhythm . Merrin looked at the door and listened for a moment . " Yet even from this - from evil - will come good . It 's driven by steam ! Meet my family . You know Clara . Hey , Marty ! Ma'am ! What does that mean ? Damn right , Doctor ! All right , boys , buckle up ! Where are you going now ? into the future again ? Who 's gon na make us do this , rookie ? to six , including you . Cuba , Amistad . I 've traveled far . we could convince him to refuse the case for some reason . in good news . how did the young lawyer accept it ? The problem is , sir , he did everything right . defended the case . Oh , yes , sir . Surprisingly , yes . Now you know . Yes . Sir ? Well ? What would you do ?
R865	Financial and Debt Advice Service Agreements between an individual and his creditors may be able to be renegotiated by the Financial and Debt Advice Service . the settlement of an individual 's debts may also involve agreements to resolve disputes . The Financial and Debt Advice Service is a statutory national service . This service provides individuals with information and advice on managing their finances and debts . Where necessary , it assists in financial management planning and explains possible ways for a debtor to resolve his financial problems . The debtor is also given assistance in arriving at an agreement with creditors on debt readjustment . The person applies for the service in the district of his / her residence . Important information on the Finance and Debt Advice Service can be found on the National Consumer Administration web site . Family disputes Arbitration on family matters is carried out chiefly within social services . persons may apply for such a service at the social services centre in the district where they live . I was impressed . I could n't believe my eyes . 10 years ago , his fiancee died . a casual casualty of cartel violence . that should motivate him . We think some Islamic group is working on biological agents . Last week , Mauricio took cartel chiefs to a cash handover from a Middle Eastern man . Who is it ? I could n't . terrorists do n't have much demand for cocaine .
R866	sounds like the right place for a furniture warehouse . No , no , no , change of plans . furniture importers are in one place . Hi . Hi . Hey , buddy . Hi . Hi . As soon as I left town , you threw a Christmas party without me ? Yeah , sort of . How 's your sister ? she gave birth an hour ago . That 's great . So you 're in the hospital ? No , she chose to give birth at home because she wanted to live in the Stone Age , and the cave was n't available . You know , a lot of people believe that a home home is better because the mother is in a warm , comfortable environment where her loved ones take care of her . I do n't mind . I understand that . I 'm fine . the glory of the game , not the players . I 'll drink to that . Please ... I insist . I 'm serious . I 'm like a snooping dog that has a horny desire for righteousness . Yes ... What ? What ? Store in a refrigerator ( 2 ° C - 8 ° C ) . Do not freeze . Store in the original package in order to protect from light . You 're killing me . I promise I 'll make it up to you . No , you promise we 'll come back here .
R867	Promise me . Maybe it 's Bloody Face . or it 's old pipes . Now you might as well shove it up my ass . Take it easy . Oh , my God ! What , what is it ? Speaking of which ... No , I want to know what 's in there . Try it again , and I 'll smoke you . And now , my parents were supportive , but they refused to pay money for this . so I thought , how do I get a professional picture of me and my doll ? and then I realized -- a school photography day . Right here is my seventh grade . And here we go . That 's Justin Bieber 's damn hair . was a 200th anniversary in our state in 1976 . I was a patriotic boy , but I did n't want to dress up like Uncle Sam . No , I obviously wanted to dress up as a tablecloth during the picnic parties of the Fourth of July . You know , the funniest thing about me is that I actually have braces in the picture . Why is that funny ? Well , for the rest of my life , I started talking to my mouth closed , so , what was the point ? Did he have any friends ? Of course I did . We 're sitting here in the bedroom together one day .
R868	I could get used to this . Commanding Bravo unit , I see a target . The eagle is closing in on the loot . What are you doing ? I made it here just like that . Skye . Nice to meet you . You 're making fun of me , are n't you ? Sorry . Are you okay ? Do n't you want to sit down ? My lips are blue . cyanosis . pain in my back and chest . spontaneous pneumothorax . What are you talking about ? Really ? and I need a doctor . I know that gas is expensive , but I could have seduced you . The elevator 's broken . It was fine when I came from the intake . I swear . It 's their fucking lair . to live and die on this day . paid killer for a big oil company . I do n't know why I did half of those things , but I know I belong here . between my people . between repeat offenders , fugitives , vagrants ... ... motherfuckers . It wo n't take me a second to think about you . But I know it 's never gon na happen . You left me and I ca n't get you back . and I feel like it 's just a matter of time . What 's going on here ? We came for the night , sort of like a family reunion . I see .
R869	Honey , put it on a plate and put some bread on it , we 'll make it an appetizer . bread and a plate . What the hell is he doing here ? They 've been here for years . What ? You should go in , it 's too late . Okay , Dad , we said good - bye . Yes , sir , thank you . Bloody beans . Wait , Egan . where do you think you 're going ? Got ta go to the ladies ' room , can I , Mom ? I 'll go with him . All right . Wait a minute . and the answer ? Darling . Let 's go ! Deb 's right . It 's the fingers . marches , combat exercises , weapons fire . I do n't like it . Why do n't you remember what I 'm gon na say about what you 're gon na do to yourself ? Your question had an answer in it . And if he did , he 's got it . Thanks to me , he can shoot and survive . The vessel fishing in the NEAFC Regulatory Area shall transmit to NEAFC a VMS position report via the FMC of its flag State in accordance with the prescribed requirements .
R870	In the appeal , the Court is subject to review by the Court of Justice , first , to what extent the Court of First Instance took into account , in law , all the essential factors in assessing the gravity of an act in the light of Article 81 EC and Article 15 of Regulation No 17 , and , second , to ascertain whether the Court of First Instance responded to the requisite legal standard to all the arguments put forward in support of an application for annulment or reduction of the amount of the fine . Article 1 Decision 2002/862/EC is amended as follows : 1 . Article 1 is replaced by the following : The operational management of the Commission , France and Austria will be the second agreement with Austria , which will provide for training and other services before the start of the system , and the definitive adaptation of France as the administrator of the back - up central unit in Salzburg . Member States ' and users ' experts will be consulted on which level of services they expect , so that the Commission can complete all issues in good time before the system is triggered . " Who played it in your version ? " " Alice Brady , American actress . " " We have horses . " Durnik shrugged . " When we turn him , they 'll be able to pull him ashore . " " Why turn around ? "
R871	She kicked me and took my keys . removal capacity ( tonne / day ) I want to marry her . Even if it was an emergency , how could he lie like that ? how is he gon na figure it out later ? I 'm here ! Oh , you came ? However I think about it , I feel like it 's dangerous , so I ran here . What 's dangerous ? You and Jin Hoo . Whoever 's looking at the two of you has the feeling that you two are dating , not that you 're just friends . Hey , how could Jin Hoo and I go out ? That 's what I 'm saying . Right after the phone call with Chang Ryul , the two of you left for training and so on . That 's because I wanted to train revenge on Chang Ryul . The British merged airline announced the departure of their VF400 flight to Geneva . Mr Bond ! Thank you very much . All right , sir . discipline . You all right ? Here , let me help you . You know you 're happy to be alive . I 'm so glad it 's a car , not you . You do n't look like a girl who can be rejected . do n't even think about it . Please take me to the nearest garage . I 'll take this .
R872	In the present case , the first two points relating to the scope of Articles 3(1 ) and 13(3 ) are not , since it was registered , the sign ' Parmigiano Reggiano' , which is not claimed to be of itself , and therefore its registration has not been disputed . Look , man , I just want to get home . Yeah , I get you , you want to go home , but we just ca n't help you , you know ? You made a little peepshow ... ... and you were the star in it . You 're too good for me , are n't you ? I think the truck 's coming back . Tex ... did you see him up there ? Listen , sir , I 've got some injured people here , and I need your help . I had to eat nasty raw meat the day before yesterday ... ... and some berries that tasted like ... ... as if they 'd been puked . They 'll be dead soon . Come on . Oh , my God ! Girls , I 'm sorry to interrupt ... ... but it looks like you 've had an accident again . There is a ruckus , and my nap is in the truth of God . He 's after them , which means you have n't caught them all , just like the last time . Bet he 's ironing his underwear .
R873	Of course , if I asked Simon about it , he would confirm it to me , would n't he ? Excuse me ? I think you know what you 're talking about . gender ( M / F ) D3a . No , no , no , no , no . No , no , no . Now I want to dance . I want to win it . And I want the trophy . Come on ! Come on ! Come on ! That 's a little more information than I need , but go ahead . Be polite , drink your drink , but do it fast . loyalty is very important . Hi . You go out the door , you get in the car , you go home , you jerk off , and that 's it . So , Mia , look , I got ta go , okay ... It follows that the first ground of appeal is admissible . I wanted to cheer her up after the fire . Did you pick them yourself ? That 'll be all . Move and I 'll kill you . There 's no time to explain . We have to get out of here . The King 's soldiers are coming for you . How did you know they were coming for me ? You took a great risk , thank you . I just regret that I could n't help everyone . Wait , I need help .
R874	You do n't have to lie to me . You know I 'm not Uther 's spy . The Commission shall adopt measures laying down the form and content of the accompanying document in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 43(2 ) . Did you hurt yourself ? I think I slipped . Definitely . I think so , too . You want to see the other rooms ? We 've seen enough . Unless , of course , the lady does n't want to see more . No , thank you . All right . When Mrs. Grosnay decides , we 'll let you know . I 'd like to send you a book about astrology if you 're interested . Do n't bother . just know how to get in touch with you . through my office . as you wish . The agreement between the licensor and the licensee applies the TTBER while the agreements concluded between the licensee and its customers apply the vertical block exemption and the Guidelines on Vertical Restraints ( 36 ) . The TTBER also provides for agreements between the licensor and the licensee which impose obligations on the licensee on the manner in which the licensee must sell the products incorporating the licensed technology . In particular , the licensee can be obliged to create a type of distribution system , such as an exclusive distribution system or selective distribution .
R875	However , the distribution agreements concluded for the purpose of fulfilling these obligations must comply with the Vertical Block Exemption Regulation , otherwise they are not block exempted . The licensor may , for example , oblige the licensee to establish a system based on exclusive distribution according to specified rules . However , it is clear from Article 4(b ) of the Vertical Block Exemption that distributors must be able to carry out passive sales to other exclusive distributors . In addition , distributors must , in principle , be able to sell both actively and passively to the areas covered by the distribution systems of other licensees producing their own products on the basis of the licensed technology . The reason is that for the purposes of the Vertical Block Exemption Regulation , each licensee is a separate supplier . When products incorporating the licensed technology are sold with a common brand identity , the same rationale for using the same types of restrictions between the licensees ' distribution systems as within a single vertical distribution system may be effective . The EFTA Surveillance Authority is unlikely to challenge the restriction in such cases if the requirements of the Vertical Block Exemption Regulation are met , which applies mutatis mutandis . The common identity of the brand exists only if the products are sold and marketed under a common brand which plays a major role in informing the consumer about the quality and other relevant facts .
R876	Listen ! Stop that bullshit , okay ? Okay , okay . I 've seen it on the video , and I feel very confident in my knowledge ... I can do it , no problem . then you can do it ? That 's not a problem . I came back to make it right . I loved you so much . and that has n't changed . Shut up ! Relax . Shut up ! Bitch ! Carl , it 's dawn . Wake up our little girl . hundreds of millions of years of evolution , made them ideal predators . This means that these costs are financed by public sector funds obtained from taxes , fines or charges regulated by law , without having to undergo an application process which could result in failure to raise funds . organisations whose existence depends on state funding and receives financial contributions annually , but where there is at least the theoretical possibility that they may not receive money in a given year , are treated as private entities . Germany United Kingdom Union TAC Not relevant Analytical TAC Article 3 of Regulation ( EC ) No 847/96 shall not apply Article 4 of Regulation ( EC ) MARKETING AUTHORISATION HOLDER Wait ! Sutherland . No , no , no , no ! Open the door . Let me the hell out of here ! Where did they take him ?
R877	Man , you better tell me where they took him , or you 're gon na burn . Contention ! Okay ? e-010728/11 ( PL ) Elżbieta Katarzyna Łukacijewska ( PPE ) to the Commission ( 21 November 2011 ) Subject : Impact of the Habitats Directive Answer from the Commission ( 9 January 2012 ) In the first place , the applicants claim that the criteria adopted by that decision and the regulation do not have an appropriate legal basis , secondly , they do not have an appropriate factual basis , since the General Court in Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines v Council , T-489/10 , ECLI : EU : T:2013:453 , held that the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines ( ' IRISL' ) did not infringe the restrictive measures imposed by the Council . Thirdly , they infringe the applicants' right to an effective remedy and the ne bis in idem principle , fourthly , entailing discrimination against entities allegedly owned or controlled by IRISL and , in the fifth place , infringe the applicants' rights of defence , and , unreasonably and disproportionately , infringe other fundamental rights of the applicants' rights , including their right to property , the right to freedom of business , for the protection of the reputation , and the Seventh Council abused their jurisdiction , since only reapplied the same restrictive measures to the applicants , by circumventing the binding judgment of the General Court .
R878	2015/556 of 7 April 2015 amending Council Decision 2010/413/CFSP ( OJ L 92 , p. 101 ) , and Council Implementing Regulation ( EU ) 2015/549 of 7 April 2015 implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 267/2012 concerning restrictive measures against Iran ( OJ 2012 L 92 , p. 12 ) , in so far as they apply to the applicants . In the first place , the applicants submit that that decision and the implementing regulation do not have the appropriate legal basis ; secondly , there are manifest errors of assessment ; thirdly , they do not have a sufficient factual basis ; fourth , they infringe the applicants' rights of defence and the statement of reasons ; fifth , they infringe the applicants' right to an effective remedy ; the ne bis in idem principle and the general principle of the protection of legitimate expectations ; and , sixth , they infringe the applicants' fundamental rights , in particular their right to property ; freedom to conduct a business . EN Official Journal of the European Union C 294/77 Action brought on 25 June 2015 - Windrush Aka v OHIM - Dammers ( The Specials ) ( 2015/C 294/92 ) English Parties Applicant : Windrush Aka LLP ( London , United Kingdom ) ( represented by : S. Malynicz , Barrister , and S. Britton , Solicitor ) No ! No ! No ! No ! No ! Now ! Hello . sunshine . Sunshine ! The city of my taste .
R879	This is not the life he has built , the life he deserves . Feeding me , bathing me . He does everything for me except breathing . She deserves happiness . We all deserve a little happiness . in consequence , annul Decision 2011/782/CFSP of 1 December 2011 and Regulation ( EU ) No 36/2012 of 18 January 2012 and subsequent implementing acts thereof , insofar as they concern the applicant ; order the Council of the European Union to pay the costs . This Agreement shall remain in force for the duration of the Swiss Confederation 's contribution to the operation . Done at Brussels , 22 December 2004 in the English language in four copies . up to 31 October 2014 , where , pursuant to the Treaties , not all members of the Council participate under the Treaties , in particular in cases where reference is made to a qualified majority pursuant to Article 238(3 ) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union , the qualified majority shall be defined as the same proportion of the weighted votes and the same share of the number of members of the Council and , where appropriate , the same percentage of the population of the Member States concerned as referred to in paragraph 3 of this Article .
R880	Title III PROVISIONS CONCERNING THE COUNCIL OF THE COUNCIL Article 4 Until the entry into force of the decision referred to in the first subparagraph of Article 16(6 ) of the Treaty on European Union , the Council may meet in the configurations referred to in the second and third subparagraphs of that paragraph and in the other configurations from the list established by a decision of the General Affairs Council , acting by a simple majority . Title IV PROVISIONS CONCERNING THE COMMISSION , INCLUDING THE HIGH REQUIREMENTS FOR THE UNION FOR FOREIGN AFFAIRS AND SECURITY POLICY Article 5 The members of the Commission in office on the date of entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon shall remain in office until the end of their term of office . Title V PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE COUNCIL GENERAL , HIGH REQUIREMENTS FOR THE COMMON FOREIGN AND SECURITY OF THE COUNCIL GENERAL Article 6 The term of office of the Secretary - General of the Council / High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy and the Deputy The Secretary - General of the Council shall end on the date of entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon . The Council shall appoint the Secretary - General in accordance with Article 240(2 ) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union .
R881	The black middle - aged from Baja California raised his hand . " Your patron is Shota Tarasvili . " Dan Metchnikov , " the Corporation official said . I looked around , but the man who was supposed to be Dane Metchnikov was coming to me . Annex VI is replaced by the following : Annex VI INTERNAL PRODUCTION MANAGEMENT AND TESTS ( Module Aa , choice 1 ) 08.12.2003 21:48 In Mali , for about two years , two L-410 UVP registered in Guinea have been registered as 3X - GDK and 3X - GDL . Note the interesting ( illegal?)placed auxiliary fuel tanks for the engines allegedly from the L-29 Dolphin . these last three days , I woke up and it 's still the same day . The same time , the same place , the same news on TV . I 've been experiencing this day over and over again . There 's this guy in the quarry , and he knows everything about you , me , Jen , and her kids . and he wants me to confess to killing Garza . Okay , and those guys on the road , they 're working for him , and they caught me , and ... they put a huge shot in me twice . So Detective Battle was talking to your ex . Big deal . No , not my ex - wife . My ex - boyfriend 's boyfriend . I think you 're in shock .
R882	and you lost a lot of blood too much blood . I 'm not shocked . Member States shall gradually increase excise duties in order to reach the levels required by paragraph 2 on the dates referred to in paragraph 2 . Would you give me ? Get the fuck out of here . Can I have one ? I think you want me to be quiet . how Manuel 's booth caught up with him and the way Rodrigo started his money . Cigarette ? Fire ? you learn a lot . What are you here for ? Good joke . My dad was a drug dealer . Was ? Yeah , I live here with my mom . Barbie , you go . The Commission is therefore prepared to consider declaring risk capital measures providing for investment tranches exceeding the threshold of EUR 1,5 million per undertaking per year compatible with the common market , provided the necessary evidence of market failure.' Whereas the risk of risk capital associated with risk capital has been substantially increased , linked to the uncertainty arising from the possibility of lower expected yield , investors are currently tending to invest in safer assets , the risks of which can be better assessed compared to those associated with risk capital investments . In addition , investors have also proved to be discouraging the illiquid nature of venture capital investments . 6.5 Nature and contents of container
R883	cartons containing 7 , 20 , 28 , 30 , 56 , 60 , 84 ( multipack containing 2 packs of 42 ) , 90 or 100 ( multipack containing 2 packs of 50 ) transdermal patches , individually sealed in sachets . Not all pack sizes may be marketed . stakeholders have found that the benefits and benefits of the adult learning sector are not well explored , discussed or in the public sector compared to other areas of education . In order to increase participation and promote investment , it is vital that quality , relevance , efficiency[12 ] and the effectiveness of adult learning are clearly visible . I got what I wanted . The first real date . ... and it would be nice ... ... if you came with me . Yeah , I could do that . But I 'm going now ... ... because ... That was nice of you to call . Yeah , I heard you quit . No , no . I took a vacation . I wanted to settle a few things . composition of the approval number : e - NN - NNN e European Union NN code of the country granting the approval , where Germany France Italy Netherlands Sweden Belgium Hungary Czech Republic Spain United Kingdom Austria Luxembourg Switzerland Finland Denmark Romania Poland Portugal Greece Ireland Slovenia Slovakia Estonia Latvia Bulgaria Lithuania Cyprus Malta NNN three - digit number to be determined by the competent authority .
R884	Article 8 Manufacturer 's declaration Each unit of equipment shall be accompanied by a manufacturer 's declaration . Article 9 Modifications to approved equipment Any modifications to equipment already approved shall cause the type - approval to be withdrawn . If a new type test is carried out , a new type approval number shall be assigned . PHARMACEUTICAL PARTICULARS Treatment As rivastigmine plasma half - life is about 1 hour and a duration of acetylcholinesterase inhibition of about 9 hours , it is recommended that in cases of asymptomatic overdose no further dose of rivastigmine should be administered for the next 24 hours . In overdose accompanied by severe nausea and vomiting , the use of antiemetics should be considered . Symptomatic treatment of other adverse reactions should be given as necessary . In severe overdose , atropine can be used . An initial dose of 0.03 mg / kg intravenous atropine sulphate is recommended , with subsequent doses based on clinical response . use of scopolamine as an antidote is not recommended . To carve it . Wow . Hello , Sheila . I did n't even hear you come in . These are my new clogs , they 're inconspicuous , but after the rain , it stinks . I 'm glad to know . To carve it with the roots . are weak . it 's a bad role model for the others . Did you see my roses across the street , George ?
R885	I 'm doing this for the whole garden to shine . Now I know what happened . In order to determine whether Íslenskt sement ehf . paid a price for state shares below their market value , the Authority instructed an independent expert to assess the market values of Sementsverksmiðjan hf . at the time of the sale . The independent expert assessed the company 's market value after carrying out the entire transfer , taking into account the company operating . In other words , the independent expert assessed the market value of what Íslenskt sement ehf . had actually purchased , i.e. shares in the adjusted company . In the opinion of the independent expert , the only method that can give an idea of what the market value of the company might have been on a divestiture , such as the sale of the State 's shares in Sementsverksmiðjan hf . , is the discounting method of expected future cash flows ( value of use ) ( 14 ) . Thus , the cash flow projections may vary according to the strategies of individual investors . The Icelandic authorities were invited to provide the information and calculations needed to establish these boundaries ( 15 ) in order to obtain the notion of the market value of the principal activity , which is the production of cement .
R886	Under Scenario I ( the so - called pessimistic scenario ) the negative present present value of future cash flows of about ISK 1 000 million has emerged and under Scenario II ( so - called optimistic scenario ) a positive present present value of future cash flows of approximately ISK 200 million has emerged . capacity utilisation was decisive for differences in the outcome . ( 16 ) Thus , there has been a double effect in the calculations since , by their very nature and by their very nature , the long - term costs per tonne with a higher volume produced are decreasing ( 16 ) . In the accompanying letter , the Icelandic authorities argued that the optimistic scenario is not realistic because it assumes that there is no competition in the Icelandic cement market . " Even if we go through it somehow , I have no more fat to protect us from freezing when we get out of the water . " " Because of my experience , I have been prepared for such situations ! 6.8.4 . Diagnostic data ( specified in this point ) and two - way control information shall have the format and units according to ISO 15031 - 5 or SAE J1939 - 73 , paragraph 5.2.2.1 , and shall be available using diagnostic tools meeting the requirements of ISO 15031 - 4 or SAE J1939 - 73 clause 5.2.2.1 . You got guts , you 're honest . That 's good .
R887	That 's all it is . Everyone in the department knows about me . Why ? I already got you a transfer . Where ? It 's got a 14-shot clip . No , just one circuit . Tauber , did you know I had a report that Serpico was gay ? They used to do it in BCI in the toilets . 06 . 11 . 2007 - News conference on three - quarters economic results And , look at the little dirty Tauron . You 've been unavailable all day . I 'll call you later . and your assistant did n't even look me in the eye . I think it 's time to tell me what 's going on . I was trying to figure out who was behind this . Um , Atkinson ? Well , it 's all of them . If I do n't figure out how to solve the crisis with the holobands , they 're gon na want to push me out of my own company . Do you think they have voices ? I want to go . Hold on a little longer . You do n't like the fresh air out here ? Are you saying my dress is in your guest room ? " " Yes . and you are welcome . " " Is there a hot - water tub nearby ? " " Oh , of course . "
R888	86 The rules governing essential installations are not discriminatory in character by Enel . The scheme applies without distinction to all operators which , during a given period , possess one or more installations which , according to objective technical criteria , may prove essential to meet the electricity needs of dispatching services . 87 As regards the requirement that dispatch must be carried out in the light of the economics of electricity , it is not apparent from the documents before the Court that the offers for sale to MT and the IT company are not to be collected by Terna on the basis of the criterion of value for money , from the lowest bid to higher bids . 88 As regards , lastly , the requirement that the legislation at issue in the main proceedings must be controllable , it should be noted that Decision No 52/09 is an administrative decision which , as such , may be challenged before a court , as Terna pointed out in response to a question put at the hearing . In that regard , it should be noted that the appeal against that decision was the reason for the dispute in the main proceedings .
R889	88 It follows from the foregoing that the answer to the question referred is that Directive 2003/54 , and in particular Articles 3(2 ) and 11(2 ) and ( 6 ) thereof , must be interpreted as not precluding national legislation , such as that at issue in the main proceedings , which , in order to reduce the price of electricity in the interests of the final consumer and the safety of electricity systems , imposes on economic operators who own equipment or sets of devices considered by them to be responsible for the purpose of reducing the cost of electricity . the criteria laid down by the national regulatory authority as essential to meet demand demand needs for electricity , the obligation to submit offers on national energy markets under conditions established in advance by that authority , provided that that legislation does not go beyond what is necessary to achieve the objective pursued . It is for the referring court to ascertain whether that condition is satisfied in the main proceedings . Costs 90 Since these proceedings are , for the parties to the main proceedings , a step in the action pending before the national court , the decision on costs is a matter for that court . on those grounds , the Court ( Second Chamber ) hereby rules :
R890	( Copyright - Directive 2001/29/EC - Article 4(1 ) - Public dissemination of the original of a work or copies thereof by sale or by other means - Use of copyright - protected reproductions of furniture as pieces of furniture displayed in a sales hall and decoration in a window - No transfer of ownership or possession ) Summary of the judgment Approximation of laws - Copyright and related rights - Directive 2001/29 - Harmonisation of certain aspects of copyright and related rights in the information society - Distribution right ( European Parliament and Council Directive 2001/29 , Art . 4(1 ) ) The term ' public distribution of the original of a work or a copy thereof by means other than sales' within the meaning of Article 4(1 ) of Directive 2001/29 on the harmonisation of certain aspects of copyright and related rights in the information society is linked exclusively to the transfer of ownership of such an object . Consequently , neither the mere fact that the public is afforded the possibility of using copies of a copyright - protected work , nor that those reproductions are made public without the possibility of using them , can not constitute such a form of distribution .
R891	The concept of ' distribution by " sale or otherwise " within the meaning of Article 4(1 ) of Directive 2001/29 must be interpreted in the light of the definitions contained in the World Intellectual Property Organisation ( WIPO ) Copyright Treaty and the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Agreement , since the aim of that directive is to implement the commitments which the Community derives from those treaties at Community level . The interpretation of the relevant provisions relating to the exhaustion of the distribution right in the copyright agreement and Directive 2001/29 leads to the same conclusion . Whereas Article 4(2 ) of that directive provides for the exhaustion of the distribution right in respect of the original or copies of a work in the case of the first sale or other transfer of ownership , the expression ' other purpose' referred to in Article 4(1 ) must be interpreted in the same way , since the two provisions constitute a whole . Those conclusions are not invalidated by recitals 9 to 11 in the preamble to Directive 2001/29 , according to which the harmonisation of copyright must be based on a high level of protection , the authors must receive appropriate remuneration for the use of their work and the system of copyright protection must be uncompromising and effective . Such protection may be carried out only within the framework established by the Community legislature .
R892	descent : total descent during the given activity . mean rate : average time per unit of distance during this activity . Careful , Alison . the effect is strong . Open his mouth . I 'm involved in counterfeiting money ! Tanley 's a killer ! When he 's done , he 'll probably kill you ! When are you going to see him ? in ten minutes . Each piglet is to be treated on day 3 - 5 of life with a single oral dose of 20 mg toltrazuril / kg body weight corresponding to 0.4 ml oral suspension per kg body weight . Malta Ceva Santé Animale Z.I. La Ballastière 33500 Libourne FRANCE CEVAZURIL 50 mg / ml Suspensjoni orali gãal itnienes Oral suspension 50 mg toltrazuril / ml Piglets Individual animal treatment . Each piglet is to be treated on day 3 - 5 of life with a single oral dose of 20 mg toltrazuril / kg body weight corresponding to 0.4 ml oral suspension per kg body weight . The Netherlands Ceva Santé Animale Z.I. La Ballastière 33500 Libourne FRANCE CEVAZURIL 50 mg / ml , orale suspensie voor biggen Oral suspension 50 mg toltrazuril / ml Piglets Individual animal treatment . Each piglet is to be treated on day 3 - 5 of life with a single oral dose of 20 mg toltrazuril / kg body weight corresponding to 0.4 ml oral suspension per kg body weight .
R893	Portugal Ceva Santé Animale Z.I. La Ballastière 33500 Libourne FRANCE CEVAZURIL 50 mg / ml , suspensão oral para leitões Oral suspension 50 mg toltrazuril / ml Piglets Individual animal treatment . Each piglet is to be treated on day 3 - 5 of life with a single oral dose of 20 mg toltrazuril / kg body weight corresponding to 0.4 ml oral suspension per kg body weight . Romania Ceva Santé Animale Z.I. La Ballastière 33500 Libourne FRANCE CEVAZURIL 50 mg / ml , Suspensie orală pentru purceii Oral suspension 50 mg toltrazuril / ml Piglets Individual animal treatment . Each piglet is to be treated on day 3 - 5 of life with a single oral dose of 20 mg toltrazuril / kg body weight corresponding to 0.4 ml oral suspension per kg body weight . Each piglet is to be treated on day 3 - 5 of life with a single oral dose of 20 mg toltrazuril / kg body weight corresponding to 0.4 ml oral suspension per kg body weight . Spain Ceva Santé Animale Z.I. La Ballastière 33500 Libourne FRANCE CEVAZURIL 50 mg / ml , Suspensión Oral para lechones Oral suspension 50 mg toltrazuril / ml Piglets Individual animal treatment . Each piglet is to be treated on day 3 - 5 of life with a single oral dose of 20 mg toltrazuril / kg body weight corresponding to 0.4 ml oral suspension per kg body weight .
R894	Yet he managed to anger and humiliate the leader of the Black Rigante , the clan proclaimed in their murderous ways . You do n't have to go there , he told his reflection . but he knew deep in his heart that he had no choice . then they would have come for them . The moment he repaired the fence or went to Montenegro for supplies , the clansmen would appear and kill him . And even if they left him alone , everyone would know that Kaelin Ring was too scared to go into the mountains and stand up to Call Jace . he remembered what Jaim Grymauch had said , " Always listen to your fear , Kaelin . Do n't ever let it control you . fear is like a cowardly friend . his counsel is not always bad , but if he has the opportunity , he will drag you down into the pit where he is staying . " He changed his clothes , laced to knee - deep knee - length boots , and fastened his belt with a powder horn , a pouch of lead bullets , and a nine - inch fang . ( 32 ) However , that statement may be concise and the decision does not necessarily have to be a copy of the statement of objections , ( 32 ) since the statement of objections is a preparatory document , the factual and legal assessments of which are purely provisional .
R895	because I 'm going online , which is where everyone goes . and the Internet is great for collecting words , because the internet is full of collectors . The internet is composed of words and enthusiasm . and words and enthusiasm are coincidental . so we have a lot of really good word - collecting servers , but the problem with some of them is they 're not scientific enough . Where did that come from ? Who said that ? because the word is like an archaeological artifact . It 's not science - it 's just a thing , pretty to look at . So a word , without a known source , is like a cut flower . You know - it 's kind of nice to watch her for a while , but she 's gon na die soon . general information about the subject : It would be like a live broadcast . Come on , why do n't we take a little risk ? Maybe I 'll never come back . Anna ... and Amy . She 'll be two next month . She 's very pretty . The kids are great , do n't you think ? Yeah . Two ? Yes . Yes , a lot . It 's okay , I 'm not asleep . Look , I got ta tell you something . Vince has people everywhere . all the way to this monastery . It 's just that we know you 're here .
R896	and I saw Lily in my eyes , how disappointed she was . Okay . It 'll be 110 % , my friend . Hacking the signal and sending it to the van . To drill through the floor . Deactivate the temperature and light sensors , and pull out the box . What about Giordino ? I check every 15 minutes . Those penalties must be effective , proportionate and dissuasive . Article 16 Transposition 1 . Member States shall adopt and publish by 23 February 2011 the laws , regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive . will apply those provisions from 23 February 2011 . When Member States adopt those provisions , they shall contain a reference to this Directive or be accompanied by such a reference on the occasion of their official publication . Member States shall determine how such reference is to be made . I normally like the dominant women . Lisa , I 'm sorry about what I said , you 're not like an Asian woman . I hear Walter . What the hell do you want ? Where are you ? You would n't believe me if I told you . I do n't want to . God knows why they stopped attacking . Where are you exactly ? I 'm in the closet . I think we 're gon na get you out , but it 's gon na take a while . Hey Walter , we 're gon na try .
R897	Tell this to four million people who are starving , three million victims of HIV / AIDS , or billions of people without access to clean drinking water . human - induced climate change deserves attention - and , thanks to Gore , Flannery , and others , he has it . before the first tone of " lightning " concerts , most of the developed world is convinced that global warming is the world 's greatest problem . But the world faces many other great challenges . whether we like it or not , we have a limited amount of money and a limited capacity to focus on global issues . we should focus on achieving the best for as many people as possible . A project called the Copenhagen Consensus combined top - end thinkers , including the four Nobel - prize economists to consider what can be done with the $ 50 billion investment earmarked for " good " for the planet . It examined the best available research and concluded that projects requiring relatively low investment - nutritional measures for those suffering from malnutrition , providing more resources for the prevention of HIV / AIDS , developing an orderly effort to ensure drinking water to all who are missing - would be much more beneficial than billions of dollars we can spend on carbon reduction in the fight against climate change . Carbon reduction activists say that focusing exclusively on climate change will have a lot of benefits .
R898	If the competent authority of the Member State concerned considers that the biocidal product fulfils the conditions referred to in Article 16 and that the conditions of this Article are complied with , it shall authorise the placing on the market of that biocidal product . " Up . . . I 'll show you right away . " " I 'll see how you 're doing . I 'm gon na go home so I do n't mess around . The moving came to me with thirst . I always sit on the porch and drink a few beers . I like to watch the twilight fall in warm weather like this . sometimes Norma and I sit there . Come see if you 're in the mood . " " Maybe I 'll stop by , " said Louis , who had no idea . He liked Crandall , liked his sympathetic conspiratorial smile , the casual expression , the northeast accent that did not sound hard at all ; his speech was soft , almost lazy . a good man , Louis thought , but the doctors quickly become suspicious . Sooner or later , a best friend calls for medical advice . answer me a simple question : How could Merchant plant that cigarette at the crime scene when the interrogation took place three days after the crime scene was photographed ? Well ... I just wanted to say that you have an amazing tie . Out !
R899	I had a great , hairy boyfriend and good friends ... I can say , " Wow ! " If the appropriate categorization is not available , contact the UDDI Services Coordinator . Type a name and a brief description of this service in one or more languages . The service key is unique and is intended for use in programming queries only . tModel usually represents an interface description . by adding details , categories , and identifiers to make it easier to search and link to tModels . By links to one or more overview documents , you can publish technical information , such as an interface specification or a WSDL file . A categorization scheme is a predefined set of categories derived from an internal or external hierarchy that can be used to classify a tModel . Add one or more categories by selecting from available schemes . If the appropriate categorization is not available , contact the UDDI Services Coordinator . The identifier is a reference to a company - wide identification scheme used to logically group tModels ( or providers ) using a common means of identification , such as a cost code or the DUNS number . identifiers are optional descriptions designed to support the discovery of tModels and providers in search . The overview document is an HTTP - accessible resource , such as a WSDL file or a specification document that typically contains technical information for implementing or interacting with an interface .
R900	Defendant : European Economic and Social Committee Subject - matter and description of the proceedings Annulment of the decision suspending the administrative enquiry brought on the initiative of the applicant for psychological harassments Form of order sought Annulment of the decision of the Secretary - General of the European Economic and Social Committee of 18 January 2010 finding that the head of the applicant 's unit did not commit any guilt and that the administrative investigation opened jointly by the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions The European Economic and Social Committee shall pay the costs . Would you like me to take your pants off ? You know , people are really friendly here . Ventura ! I 'm on a big case . the right albino pigeon . As soon as I find him ... ... I 'll pay you . And what 's with the food ? fiber . Come on ! Bye . Come on , my jungle friends . I 'm sorry , I mean ... ... it 's not a fish , it 's a mammal . " And take care of it now ! e - mail from p15 " Get in the ferry at 14 , Pavel ! That 's wonderful . That 's why we should get married . Do we have to get married if we want to have kids ? We 'll have them the way you want them to .
R901	How , next ? but it creates a filled space in its own sense , in the hardship of black . This is where it ends , and there 's only the wall . We came all this way for a legion of ghosts . We should have agreed to stay in Rome . Rome has left us here , some of us have fought elsewhere . the ones who had families , they stayed . We live here like the Kelts . We saw the destroyed villages , the massacred people . We bring greetings to Lord Vaulkin , the conquer of the people of England , the mighty ruler of Britain . about the boy ? He 's carrying a sword , there 's a prophecy on that sword . That 's where the master blacksmith found him . The truth . Would you go fight again ? According to the Commission services 2013 spring forecast , the structural balance is expected to improve by an average of 0,7 % of GDP per year during the 2010 - 2013 adjustment period , but is projected to worsen by around 0,3 percentage points in 2014 . Therefore , based on the spring 2013 forecast , the average fiscal effort would be close to the required % % of GDP over the period 2011 - 2013 .
R902	The assessment of the bottom - up fiscal consolidation measures adopted in 2010 - 2013 therefore confirms the conclusion that the Netherlands has taken effective measures . The European Parliament may forward its opinion on the proposal or proposals to the Commission no later than three months after receipt of the report ; Why do you say that ? The fight you had six months ago . We were just about to ask if there was anything unresolved between you two . ... say by day ... ... before you left Afghanistan . The sniper has n't been traced . Me and LeMere had philosophical differences . He spoiled the dog like it was his own child . Me ? I 'm not that kind of coddling . we 've noticed . Anyway , there was no bad blood between us . Hell , I was the one who recommended him ... ... for this base . The epicenter of evil like this needs good marines , and LeMere with the dog was the point . This will only hurt for a second . Dad , let 's go out for a little trip , okay ? Your mother does n't like trips . Just the two of us . A little time for my father and son . Sir ... your father is in no condition to travel . Of course . What 's going on ? Neil , I 'm thirsty . But I 'm thirsty now . Wait !
R903	While the Commission 's legislative proposal provides for a clear limit for the potential coverage of risk from the EU budget , for the EIB under the relevant contracts for individual projects concluded between the EIB and investors , and on the basis of risk - sharing between all the projects implemented by the EIB , the EIB assumes that no additional risk will be taken up by the EIB . In order to ensure that the emergence of a risk situation has a negative impact on EIB creditworthiness and reputation and on the implementation and implementation of projects traditionally supported by the EIB , it appears appropriate to adequately limit the use of the Risk Sharing Facility in terms of the EIB 's risk - absorption rate by clarifying that risk to the EIB in a transparent manner . This measure should be taken into account in particular for the new EU 2014 - 2020 budget period , following an evaluation of the experience accumulated during the pilot phase in the context of the continuation of the instrument . Regulation ( EC ) No 3223/94 lays down , pursuant to the outcome of the Uruguay Round multilateral trade negotiations , the criteria whereby the Commission fixes the standard values for imports from third countries , in respect of the products and periods stipulated in the Annex thereto . They 're right , we should have anticipated that all the methane would affect the atmosphere . I 'm for the first option .
R904	We do n't want your solution , cheat ! Give it to me ! Mr. Garrison , help me ! requirement to use the public telecommunications network or the network of other authorised operator in case of cross - border consumption of these services . None . In order to answer that question , it is particularly important to examine the relevant case - law of the Court of Justice , in particular the judgment in Abbey National , which all parties to the present reference for a preliminary ruling have largely cited . 39 In addition to the risk of using a tautological argument on the provisions in question , the adoption of the interpretation proposed by the applicant would have the effect of restricting the scope of Rule 20(1 ) of [ the implementing regulation ] as amended . 41 It must therefore be held that the Board of Appeal did not make an error of assessment in finding that , in the circumstances of the present case , there was a provision which precluded the taking into account of evidence submitted by OHIM out of time and that , consequently , the Board of Appeal had no discretion under Article 74(2 ) of Regulation No 40/94.' I do n't know if I can trust you . Taxi ! Taxi ! Taxi ! Taxi ! I 've had it with him . Chuc Wellington ... I ca n't believe he 's gone . Charles Wellington ill died at the age of 5 .
R905	Hey , I have n't seen you in a while . What are you doing backstage ? Why do n't you lend me something ? I miss The Boogeyman , too . So what does it really matter ? love . just words . Red , I know what 's going on with Liz . Abe . I 'm sorry , he has to know . Abe ! to know what ? Why ? 4.1 Therapeutic indications hypertension Chronic stable angina pectoris Vasospastic ( Prinzmetal ) angina PARTICULARS TO PARTICULARS 4.2 Posology and method of administration Article 1(c ) of [ the Sixth Directive ] is to be interpreted as meaning that the removal of the cell cartilage cells from the tissue collected from a human being and their subsequent convergence constitute " provision of care " if the cells obtained by the multiplication are reimplanted in the donor 's body ? We do n't keep anything here . what would we do with it ? Never mind . Yeah , but my son knows how to do that . Wait a minute , and we can leave now . We 'll have a glass of red . Can I get you another one ? Yeah , poor Helene . I beg your pardon ? So , how are you doing ? Okay ? And the Trojans , they bet on the wrong horse . Article 11 1 . Get your hands off me !
R906	Big public protests , Jane would reassure the company , and Wiseman would win the next election . kincade supplied Warns . ' Oh , well done , Senior Wrangler , ' said the Dean , as another boulder collapsed to pieces . Something landlord ? I brought my own dinner . You have n't heard ? George , girls do n't eat dinner here . so it holds a mass below 40 kilos . You 're blowing your bathing suit . Well , you wanted her to be like local girls , did n't you ? Do n't you dare open that can , Tessa . That 's the last straw . No ... Here 's dinner . You know what ? I do n't even recognize you . Do not store above 30 ° C . Store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . Content and Content Zone and Content Areas Custom Outlook Express Settings You can preset Outlook Express to use specified mail and news servers , and you can also customize it by specifying user interface options , default messages , and signatures . policy and constraints system policies and constraints make it possible to pre - set and , in some cases , lock certain functions on users ' computers . within this function , many more advanced settings are available . You must select at least one media type . the target folder and the component download folder can not match .
R907	you must specify different directories . In Article 110(6 ) , the following subparagraph is added : Have you found his daughter yet ? It 's a legend . a very bad combination . No one has seen them for centuries . Well , they came back . We believe they were at Z'Ha'Dum and worked for the Shadows . Now that the Shadows are gone and they 've lost all their allies armed with Shadow technology . That 's too bad . Yes , I agree . After the last Shadow War , the Rangers were assigned to watch the border because the Shadows always returned sooner or later . but the legacy remains . I want to assign a new mission to the Rangers . embedded motion sensor ADA_014 The embedded motion sensor shall be stimulated by the transmitted impulses allowing it to produce vehicle motion data exactly corresponding to vehicle movement as if it were mechanically connected to a movable part of the vehicle . ADA_015 The identification data of the embedded motion sensor shall be used by the vehicle unit to identify the adaptor ( 077 ) . ADA_016 Installation data stored in the embedded motion sensor shall be considered as equivalent to the adapter installation data ( 099 ) . All right . Let 's go , boys . Come on ! Wrap it up ! Bobby . Let 's go , buddy . You heard what he said . Move ! Joe ! Joe ! What ?
R908	It 's not over yet ! Who ? McClaren . he definitely met Naomi Walling before she died . I told you he was interesting . and he 's also a liar . Are you okay ? Excuse me ? You all right ? you seem ... I 'm fine . If I lose this round ... that means the game is over . My client 's gon na fire me , I 'm gon na be out of a job , and so are you . Oh . The size of the sample shall not be less than the largest preferred size that the material allows . A guarantee for the non - repayment of a loan for the financing of an export transaction may be granted to an exporting domestic SME or a foreign buyer with a view to facilitating their acquisition of a credit from a commercial bank . There are no restrictions relating to the country of origin or the size of the foreign entity . the guarantee is provided by the Bank of Hungary for Import and Export ( Eximbank ) , the State Export Credit Agency , which has a State guarantee to cover all obligations arising out of the implementation of the measure . Eximbank provides guarantees totalling HUF 15 billion ( EUR 60 million ) during the two years that the measure takes .
R909	Hungary relies on an escape clause contained in point 2.5 of the Commission Communication to the Member States pursuant to Article 93(1 ) of the EC Treaty applying Articles 92 and 93 of the Treaty to short - term export - credit insurance ( 1 ) ( Communication ) . For this purpose , Hungary has submitted a declaration by one national credit insurance provider and two large private international export credit insurance providers confirming that the activity of Eximbank in this segment fills a market gap and that they themselves do not operate in this segment . Assessment of COMPATIBILITY OF THE MEASURE At this stage , the Commission has doubts about two essential elements of the notification : ( i ) the applicability of the Communication , i.e. the substitutability of insurance and guarantee , and ( ii ) the non - availability of export - credit insurance for this type of risk in Hungary , as one State aid measure has already been introduced there . doubts as to the applicability of the Communication The export credit guarantee provided by Eximbank and the export - credit insurance covered by the Communication appear to be different on several points : First , while the insurer always covers the risks associated with the buyer , the guarantee given by Eximbank to the exporting SME covers the risks of repayment of the loan by the exporter itself .
R910	Article 3 Entry into force This Regulation shall enter into force on the day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 15 November 2010 . This Article and Articles 15 , 16 and 17 shall apply to systematic internalisers in transactions not exceeding standard market size . ( ii ) in the case of all other baggage , at the time of or before it ; ( b ) in the case of damage to luggage that is not apparent or in case of loss of luggage , within fifteen days of the date of disembarkation of the passengers or the date of return of the luggage or the date on which the return of the luggage should have taken place . 2 If the passenger does not comply with this Article , it shall be presumed that he has received the luggage undamaged unless the contrary is proved . 3 The written notification does not need to be submitted if the condition of the luggage , together with the passenger , has been inspected or inspected at the time of their transfer .
R911	" You mean you did n't see him coming down ? " " Look . I did n't think about him at all . the idiot was completely underdressed , and it was clear that he could not endure the cold for more than half an hour . I gave him a sweater , but it could n't protect his legs . Hi . It 's like a monoake out here . Well ? What about Ross ? Oh , please . The EESC takes account of people who consume an unusually high amount of shellfish , such as people living on the coastline . can not start the fax process . could not get Argument . Specify the properties of the fax recipient . number : name : an invalid fax number . file fax KdeprintFax ( c ) , 2001 Michael Goffioul Michael Goffioul send a fax to send a fax fax Come on ! Moon , do n't play around ! Gelsomina ? What is it ? A gentleman has arrived . Master ? Get in there ! No , I go . like the Land of Wonders , I guess . Gelso , how do you make coffee ? Look at those eyes ! It 's Gelsomina , the family boss over the bees . Okay , go through it slowly , with extreme caution . 274 meters from the end of the platform . It 's the cold . for about two hours . Thanks .
R912	If you get it in an hour and a half , I 'll buy you a beer . Damn , Garber , there 's a pity on you on the set . It 's only temporary . Before you know it , I 'll be back behind that glass . Throw line R to 34 ultra - siding on the express orbit . What express orbit ? the one the Q - line drives . And on 36th Street , they go back to R. Sir , you 're standing in my view . Come on , or I 'll shoot you . The library , the café , there 's almost everything . Who are these people ? It 's a thing , is n't it ? Yes , it is . Why are they staring at me ? ' Annex II The minimum list of items to be included in the reference offer for wholesale access to network infrastructure , including shared or fully unbundled access to the local loop at a fixed location , which shall be published by the operators of [ ... ] with significant market power . For the purposes of this Annex : ( a ) ' local loop segment' means a part of the local loop connecting the network terminal point with a concentration point or a designated intermediate access point in the fixed public electronic communications network ; ( b )
R913	Article 25 Specification of adverse events and developments The Commission should have the power to adopt delegated acts , in accordance with Article 36 , laying down criteria and factors to be taken into account by competent authorities and ESMA when determining whether adverse events or developments referred to in Articles 16 , 16a , 17 , 18 and 23 have occurred and threats referred to in Article 24(2)(a ) have occurred . Chapter VI ROLE OF RELEVANT AUTHORITIES Article 26 Competent authorities Each Member State shall designate a competent authority for the purposes of this Regulation . by these competent authorities are public administrations . Member States shall inform the Commission , ESMA and the competent authorities of the other Member States of those designated bodies . Article 27 Powers of competent authorities 1 . In order to enable the competent authorities to fulfil their obligations under this Regulation , they shall have all supervisory and investigatory powers necessary for the fulfilment of their tasks . A - 3 2 0 1 Expenditure on archives Appropriations 2006 Appropriations 2005 Outturn 2004 Remarks New item Regulation ( EC ) No 1049/2001 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2001 regarding public access to European Parliament , Council and Commission documents ( OJ L 145 , 31.5.2001 , p. at the European Ombudsman 's office . decisions of the European Ombudsman on increasing the information and transparency of the archives of the European Ombudsman .
R914	The amount of assigned revenue in accordance with Article 18(1)(e ) to ( j ) of the Financial Regulation is estimated at EUR 1 000 . a-3 3 0 1 Other subsidies Appropriations 2006 Appropriations 2005 Outturn 2004 Remarks Former Article A-2 9 9 This appropriation is intended to cover expenditure promoting relations and strengthening cooperation between the European Ombudsman and the national / regional ombudsmen and other similar bodies . In particular , it can be used to cover grants for projects related to the network of contacts for the European Ombudsman ( other than those financed under point A-3 2 1 0 ) . It is also intended to cover any contribution in respect of the European Ombudsman 's visitors group visits . a-3 4 0 0 Miscellaneous expenditure Appropriations 2006 Appropriations 2005 Outturn 2004 Remarks Former Article A-3 7 0 This appropriation is intended to cover expenditure arising from the special nature of the Ombudsman 's duties such as relations with the public Ombudsman in the Member States and international organisations of ombudsmen and contributions to international organisations . Let 's forget about it ? Do you like games ? I 'd love to . Do you want to play with me ? I already play one . and what kind of game are you playing ? He 's already hidden . Charlie . Charlie 's hiding from you . Stay here . Charlie ! wherever you are , get out !
R915	I just thought it was too embarrassing for you to talk to me . Embarrassing ? Yeah , I saw how shamelessly you used me to get back at Evan . Yeah , I guess we were both a little intoxicated . Yeah , they were . a second . All newcomers report to the Kappa Tau house immediately . justice has been established . All right ? Yeah , you know , some sort of brotherhood thing . If I told you , I 'd have to kill you . So ... Me , too . The calibration curve is formed by launching the mean peak heights ( areas ) of the peak heights against the corresponding concentrations in μg / ml . ( ii ) serological results or laboratory findings after sampling of slaughtered pigs shall demonstrate that the holding or category of holding can no longer be considered as free from Trichinella . I love you . Bye . Okay , cheers . Okay . and the day is over . Are you serious ? There 's a lot of vermouth in it . It 's not a good Martini . Stop them , they 'll kill him . Richard ! It seems my feelings are still in my way . Kahlan , no ! Command me , lady . Yes , ma'am . That was stupid of you , Cara . One of my touch would kill you . Ma'am ! I told you I 'd die to protect Richard .
R916	At the request of ESMA , the competent authorities and other public authorities of the Member States shall assist ESMA when collecting such information . The diplomatic mission or consular post of a Member State shall use a uniform format form for the affixing of visas issued to holders of a travel document not recognised by the Member State issuing the form . such a visa has limited territorial validity . " " I 'm not sure . He ... he wanted me to have dinner alone with him , but I refused because I wanted Uncle Homir to come with me . He looked at me so strangely and held me by the shoulders . " " I 'm almost fourteen and a half . " Article 1 Document checks , identification checks and physical checks provided for in Directive 91/496/EEC shall be carried out in accordance with the provisions of this Decision . Article 2 The inspection of documents shall be carried out in accordance with the rules laid down in Annex I. Article 3 1 . Y hazard identity manually off on restore star solar undefined a planetarium on your screen some images in KStars are for non - commercial use only . KStars Casey nodded . She was not surprised to hear from the representatives of the League Information Service from the larger centers . they were Norton 's employees , assigned to the airlines to whom , as was expected , the incident seemed to have entangled his head .
R917	" And one more thing , " Norma said . The Dodger in Düsseldorf wants confirmation that it was a pilot error . The fox in Milan demands information . A fox in Abu Dhabi wants a week in Milan . it was just too weird . Donna 's eyes widened . Did you forget it on the plane ? " she looked at me as if I were speaking Chinese . " Oh , my God , I would n't know what to do without this monstrosity . " she pulled the massive cable in front of her . " I 'm just a hamster . " " Where are your children ? " I asked . " Neighbors . She frowned . " I do n't think anything will please Peter at the moment . " " Peter is my son . Fourteen , he 's fourteen , and he 's 40 years old , and puberty is n't really paying off . Strengthening international technical assistance through the support of initiatives like Better Training for Safer Food , which promotes technical cooperation with developing countries , exporters or potential exporters to Europe through the training of technicians , the development of standards and standards and the exchange of officials , etc . Remarks This appropriation is intended to cover the Agency 's staff and administrative expenditure ( Titles 1 and 2 ) , and operational expenditure relating to the work programme ( Title 3 ) .
R918	I came here to take my daughter home . Cecile . She 's such a cute little girl . Yes ? Cecile ! Good morning , ladies . Ma'am , what a charming surprise . Marquise . Miss , let me take a look at your hands . You call that clean ? Go wash them . Quickly . We all love your daughter . not less than 250 mm and not more than 2 500 mm and up to 3 000 mm above the ground in the case of two additional corner headlamps in the case of vehicles equipped for installation on the front side which could obscure a corner lamp . However , no point of apparent surface in the direction of the reference axis shall be higher than the highest point on the apparent surface in the direction of the reference axis of the dipped - beam headlamp . Get the fuck off the stage , you idiot ! Who in this park ... or somewhere in the world does n't have a problem ? ... who does n't drink every once in a while ... ... and maybe even fucks up like a pig ... ... and then pisses on himself in his own driveway . Who does n't smoke every once in a while ? Or who does n't have problems with people who love people , hey , Randy ? I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry .
R919	You can fly that , ca n't you ? Because you look like a guy who takes a few lessons and then loses interest ... It stresses that , due to the legislative work taken by the Council , its comments are not based on the final draft proposal . It regrets the lack of explanatory material which could provide some necessary clarifications and information about the objectives as well as the specific nature of some of the provisions of the proposal . The EDPS calls for greater attention to be paid to the need for specific data protection safeguards in the proposal . is aware of a number of cases where the practical application of data protection safeguards could be better ensured , in particular as regards the use of purpose limitation in relation to the use of data entered into the CIS . The EDPS calls for a coordinated surveillance model to be included in the proposal . Account should be taken of the fact that the EDPS is currently exercising the supervisory tasks of the first pillar part of the CIS . This model would also ensure , where necessary and appropriate , consistency with other instruments by which other large - scale IT systems are used or in line with the use of other large - scale IT systems . The EDPS calls for a more thorough explanation of the necessity and proportionality of granting access to Eurojust and Europol . It stresses the lack of explanatory information in the proposal .
R920	The need to ensure a uniform system of appropriateness assessment is also associated with this . In order to increase the transparency of the system and facilitate supervision , the EDPS calls for a provision to be included on the publication of the list of authorities with access to the CIS . Done at Brussels , 20 April 2009 . BACKGROUND --------------------- the task is ready for the next phase task response The CVMP considered whether differences in the implementation of the last two residue depletion studies could be applied to clarify the diversity of the withdrawal periods . The only significant differences in the implementation of the two studies were age and weight of birds used . However , we do not believe that the MAH may use this in support of the disregard of the 1999 study , since the product will be treated with birds with different weights and different breeds . There is no reason to disregard this study in particular in view of the fact that chickens used within the European Union for the production of food may vary greatly in terms of breeds , size and age . The use of a range of chickens of different ages and weights would make it possible to include , when establishing a withdrawal period in meat , both faster and more slowly the growing broiler breed .
R921	at least not in perpetuity . He was wearing gloves when he lost control of his motorcycle and crashed into an approaching car . I do n't think it 's the result of a crash . I once caught a serial killer in Kensington who took six different murder weapons on his guitar . He had very similar scars like these on his hands . Leo 's wounds are rude . I think he was strangled the day he died . and now in New York . Whoever killed him , do you think it was on orders from Bratva ? that 's one possibility . there 's only one problem . If you do n't have a strangled corpse that I do n't know about , you do n't have a victim . which is exactly why we want to talk to the health killer 's wife . They came to me , not to the Major . there are too many people here . and disperse at once ! I invited them . Gentlemen , I 'm glad you could make it . Is it true you want to rip out all the headstones ? No , no . Where did you hear that ? Go quietly from the barn of Bucephalus . Go to the church and inform Lieutenant Wakefield to call the troops . The crew is protecting us from the attack . And you 're gon na dip your head . Lean on the barrel ! No !
R922	You do what I told you to do . and you 'll do it now ! Or I 'll set the cabin on fire , and everything will burn down ! Her clothes , her bags , her pumpkins ! Do as I say , child . Your boy did this to you in the back ? It 's just a wave . Say it ... ... I do n't have hair on my head , it 's a wave . Tell me , Meena . not hair . ( e ) they are freely transferable and without any regulatory restrictions or third party claims that would impair liquidation ; ( g ) reliable data on the prices of these instruments are published on a regular basis . And do n't forget to look at that " big disclosure . " Why , Cochrane ? Mr. Kupfer was right , you know . In our old Celtic world , it was the beginning of the year , waiting ... in our houses of wicker and clay . The barriers could fall , you know ? Between the real and the unreal world . and the dead can look inside ... to sit with our fires of peat . Halloween . The last one took place 3,000 years ago , and the hills turned red ... with the blood of animals and children . the victims . It was a part of our world . Our art .
R923	the planets do it . They 're in a conspiracy . And it 's time again . In front of him , Mara played the role of an obedient wife until the tea was drunk and the Arakasi 's thirst soothed . Chemical properties Any elements that come into contact with a bicycle must not constitute a hazard of toxicity for the intended user , especially in children 's wheels . " I 'm coming ! " the others , in cloaks and half blindfolded , followed her . Vala was looking at the four dead vamps . She had to be careful where she was going . Never despise your opponent , Em . or your father , if that 's what we 're talking about . so I should just intimidate them ? Shaken by people until they lose control and forget to hide their emotions . it has nothing to do with intimidation . Do you really think I despise you ? you ca n't help it . Great . Thank you for coming . like I had a choice . Well , you have a brain , do n't you ? we have something unresolved , you and I. Okay , so how long have you known Colette had an affair with Ben Aston ? Re : Application for annulment of Commission Decision 2003/372/EC of 11 December 2002 on aid granted by Greece in Olympic Airways ( OJ 2003 L 132 , p. 1 ) .
R924	He knows he gave his heart to a woman who 's shallow ... ... and a little cowardly , and ... I really did n't deserve him . Move over . No , no , no , no , no . Now you can ask Chet anything you want . Chet ... darling , will you forgive me ? Look . " Yes . " Now you know . Come on . Get some sleep . And so his greatest work remained forever ... C_2008094EN.01000601.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union C 94/6 Authorisation for State aid pursuant to Articles 87 and 88 of the EC Treaty Cases where the Commission raises no objections ( 2008/C 94/03 ) Spain is eligible to a phase - out fund only as its GNI per inhabitant is less than the average of the EU-15 . The Cohesion Fund finances activities under the following areas : trans - European transport networks , in particular priority projects of European interest identified by the European Union ; the environment . trans - European transport networks , notably priority projects of European interest as identified by the Union ; environment ; here , Cohesion Fund can also support projects related to energy or transport , as long as they clearly present a benefit to the environment : energy efficiency , use of renewable energy , developing rail transport , supporting intermodality , strengthening public transport , etc .
R925	Is there a special help line or website that I can use ? Can I get legal assistance for making the application ? Are there any victim support organisations that can give further assistance ? a claim for damages caused by a crime against the offender 1.1 . Under which conditions can I make a claim for damages in the trial against the offender ( the criminal proceedings ) ? The claimant 's claim for damages must be filed against the offender in criminal proceedings no later than in the part of the trial before evidence is brought . This application must specify the grounds and the amount of the claim for damages . How should I put forward the claim , and to whom ? the law does not prescribe a precise form for the submission of a claim for damages . nationality : candidates must be nationals of a Member State of the European Union or of Eurocontrol.' , read : Subject : Nickel classification Answer from the Commission ( 22 January 2007 ) You both did it ! Are you okay ? Turn off the engine ! Jake , what are you doing ? They 're after blood , right ? What the hell am I doing ? Jake ! Oh , my God ! " Harry ? " she repeated uncertainly . Harry stood motionless as the waves of shock rolled over him , one by one , destroying everything beyond the fact that no one had told him so long .
R926	nothing else Harry cared about now . " Harry ? " said Professor Trelawney again . " Harry , I thought we were going to see the principal ? " " You stay here , " he said through clenched lips . and what are these new people like ? like " Evil Witch " and " Sick bastard " . You want to live so you can see your baby ? Do n't talk to my husband like that , you stupid bastard ! Oh , good God ! since when are you so crazy about kids ? We talked about having a baby someday , not now ... ... but I 'm starting to think we could do it . We 're good . There 's plenty of time , and we 're in a building full of beds ! No . Look , he 's out ! I 'll find Lyla , see if she can help us . Tig . I understand . I appreciate you calling me , Mr. Delaney . I believe you 've confirmed that Georgie Caruso lives ... - Stop talking . Who are you ? I 'm Lincoln Potter , District Attorney , Northern California office . What do you want from me ? I 'm working on the charges against the True IRA and the Galindo cartel . The Sons of Anarchy are my way to them . RICO . Yes . Yeah . Let 's check it out . You 're fucking white niggers .
R927	I already told you . I do n't know what happened to him after that . You understand that I should arrest you right now . I do n't know what place he really occupies in your heart , but I know what you have in his . I thought you 'd better explain it to him yourself . Please go . This is the end of Josie , there are no other options . It sounds incredible , but people say they saw him carrying her out of a burning car . then they disappeared into a cloud of smoke . I assume they 're still alive . They 're probably going west . I 'm going to Grand Junction in Colorado . It 's an emergency . Hello ? Hello ? I 'm not a police officer , Mrs. Hayden . Yes , that 's why I called . There 's been a mistake . We 're worried about you , Mrs. Hayden . In combination with interferon alfa-2b In clinical studies of 118 children and adolescents 3 to 16 years of age treated with combination therapy of interferon alfa-2b and ribavirin , 6 % discontinued therapy due to adverse events .
R928	The final adult height was available for 14 of these children and shows that 12 of these patients maintained height deficits > 15 percentiles 10 to 12 years after completion of treatment . During combination therapy for up to 48 weeks in interferon alfa-2b and ribavirin , growth inhibition has been observed that resulted in reduced height in some patients . The most prominent was the reduction in mean height percentile between baseline and the end of long - term follow - up in pre - puberty infants ( see section 4.4 ) . In addition , suicidal ideation or attempts were reported more frequently compared to adult patients ( 2.4 % vs 1 % ) during treatment and during six - month follow - up . Article 4 Transitional measures 1 . Pleas in law and main arguments In support of the action , the applicant relies on four pleas in law . With a smile , Randy invites them to the table and calls the waiter to order a few of the great large bottles of bitter , chilled Japanese beer . " That reminds me - Secret admirers really love me , " Randy says . Cantrell smiles , which shows that he has a certain affection for the fools . " Maybe he understands him too well , " Randy says . there will be a typhoon exchanging cards and presentations . It 's gon na turn into karaoke soon .
R929	at one point , Tom Howard puts his big hand on the back of Cantrell 's chair , so he can scream in his ear . ' I 'll take the job , Commissioner , ' he said softly , covering Claudia 's hand for a moment before pulling it away , ' glad . ' then he shook his head ironically . " And I was so damned proud of how I could swing a jackhammer ... " Gallsworthy chuckled softly . " If I ever catch you flying around my base again , " he said , " I might take that jackhammer on you . " Brim looked at him with a smile . This sounded a lot more like the good old Gallsworthy he used to know ! he looked at him , frowning . " Unless , of course , I am a victim of some sort of disorder , Commissioner , " he replied , putting his hand on his heart with mock amazement . " You would n't want me to risk my life , would you ? " as they started toward the headquarters building , he shook Gallsworthy . " Damn Carescrians , " he chuckled under his breath .
R930	Did you guys hear that ? You have overwhelmed the Crusader . I have good men , huh ? I do n't know anything about that . We are soldiers . No , you 're not . The soldiers are fighting for something . for nothing . that makes you poachers and thieves . For example ? I could teach you to tie knots , I could teach you which wood is good for the bow , I could teach you to make arrows that fly far away . bar fight . multiple knife stabs . Is this a joke ? He 's fine . I said where he was ! I can help you . I tried to warn you . Why did n't you tell me it was Victor ? I did n't know ! I swear on my son 's life ! Do n't ... Victor 's appetite was getting too close . The energy efficiency shall be indicated for cooling and heating . For heating purposes , energy efficiency for the average heating season is mandatory . an indication of the effectiveness for a warmer and colder period is optional ; That court must also take account of the fact that the Court of Justice , on 1 March 2011 ( C-236/09 , EU : C:2011:100 ) , held that the first of those provisions is invalid , since it is contrary to the principle of equal treatment for men and women .
R931	costs incurred in submitting observations to the Court , other than the costs of those parties , are not recoverable . I 'm sure of it . I shudder to think what would happen if the army got your hands on you . Meet me in our quarters in an hour . Where are Rekelen and Hogue ? in the ship . My quarters may seem a little crowded at first , but tomorrow morning , I 'll make an application for a bigger one . that wo n't be necessary . If you want your own quarters , I can arrange it . I mean , I ca n't stay . Wait , wait , wait . Your students and I have a deal . You said you loved me . then let me go on my way . main arguments of the parties 19 . Mr Acreidis has not put forward any observations in the relevant proceedings in question . " Primitive " ? from a technological point of view . we 're at the very beginning . Maybe you 're right , but that 's not the end of it . Listen to this . This was supposed to help intelligent beings ... get a practical knowledge of English . think what it would mean to speak to a being from such a civilization . " Greetings , " that 's what he said to Heinmuller . That 's what the cannibal said to the missionary ... before he ate it .
R932	When the sun comes up three more times , I have to be in Arizona . " Dead Deer , " why ? Frankie . Hello , Stanley . Sister , you look good . You broke into the church ? You 're on parole , for Christ 's sake . Come on , Stanley . I guess that means " goodbye Nicky . " Get on top of yourself , Frankie . the thoracic index ( depths ) . Mach . I 'm listening . I felt a lump in my throat when she grabbed my hand and led me to the door . " Where are we going to eat ? Vladimir ? " " What ? I see . Uh , whatever . " That looks good . " Loiosh landed on my shoulder and we walked out into the street . It was about four hours after dawn , and the traffic was minimal , and life was just waking up . We entered the Tsedik Inn , and Cawti bought me two greasy sausages , two burned chicken eggs , hot bread , and adequate clay to flush it . She had the same thing . " I just realized I have n't made anything for you yet , " I said . Should we go inside ? No , I do n't want to go in there . He 's a dangerous bastard . I took too many disco cookies to argue with the Russians .
R933	Come on before " zee " Germans get here . You just told him who the target is . Boris ... I 'm sure you told him . drowning trout . Come and pick us up . ... and Doug ... ... in a hurry . 76 in 2000 , an event which can hardly be overlooked : the publication of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union . This document is not legally binding , since there is no decision capable of producing effects which would take account of its content ( 72 ) . preparing insertion information ... Session folder can not function without a server name . Disable the session folder , or enter a valid Session Folder server name . The wizard requires a Internet Explorer version 4 or later browser . Please enter a valid folder path in the field . If you have entered the path to a folder on a removable disk , the disk must be inserted in the drive . Please enter a valid folder path in the field . If you have entered the path to a folder on a removable disk , the disk must be inserted in the drive . do you want to restart the computer now ? data has already been stored on the embedded disk . Please insert the disk % 1!u!. The wizard did not store some of the remote access service connections . network sensations :
R934	My real name is ... Tehanu ... it 's Tehanu . Tehanu ... I 'm telling you the truth , I 'd rather die than betray him . I can not . " 4.2 By 31 December 1996 at the latest , the EMI shall specify the legal , organisational and logistical framework necessary for the ESCB to perform its tasks in the third stage , in accordance with the principle of an open market economy with free competition . with her arms and legs spread , she looked as if she were running . half a shotgun peeked out from under the body . There were clumps of clotted blood and cerebral tissue in her hair . the blood flowed onto the oak flooring floor . dark and sticky . I stepped into the hallway and stopped less than three feet from her . I squatted and reached for my wrist . I found only a very cold skin . I crouched , listening . I did n't hear anything . She got hit with some hard and heavy object . Just one shot , but a good one . almost three centimeters wide and about four inches long . I 'm your cousin , and you 're in love with me . Into you ! Come , let me kiss you on your lips . serious side effects The following serious side effects have been reported .
R935	Philosopher , huh ? Talk to me . Oh , God . It 's just that I care about her so much . Maybe I can say I love her . The trouble is , he 's with someone else . In the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund , better coordination between all EU funds on skills and jobs is necessary ; wishes , through its Europe 2020 monitoring platform , the European Commission , through its Europe 2020 monitoring platform , will assist the European Commission in monitoring the implementation of this strategy and its flagship initiatives by local and regional authorities . Well ... no one wants to be with their mother . Drop it . you can get in trouble . Mrs. Glover . You 've been so nice to me . No . It 's good . I 'm Jonathan 's mother . Bobby , I do n't think-- - But ... you are ... Do n't you dare tell Dad . What should I do ? Pull it right into your lungs . my mom had an episode . Okay , let 's see what we can do , okay ? Did you order the CT examination ? Blood ? Okay . The third flip . ... short . That 's why we 'll start from the beginning , and every move will be perfect before we move on to the next one . I 'll let you go again . How 's it going ? Scandalous . I hated you !
R936	put their future on the line ? Save me , Bhuvan ! Save me ! Give me a chance to redeem myself . Just one chance ! But at least give me a chance to redeem myself . Okay , I 'll give you a chance . but you have to prove your loyalty . If you fail , you will find no refuge here in the temple . l 029899 ( Irish passport issued in Dublin on 4 September 2002 , abolished on 14 May 2009 ) . 84 z choades . zm . ) ; aid intensity or amount : In the case of small and medium - sized enterprises , with the exception of undertakings active in the transport sector , the maximum aid rate may be 65 % of the eligible costs . Luísa Faria , lawyers ) European Commission Form of order sought The applicants claim that the Court should : declare the action admissible and well founded ; annul the decision of the European Commission 's Directorate - General for Competition of 24 May 2013 ( D/2013/048425 ) refusing the reduction , on account of insolvency , of the fines imposed on SOCITREL in proceedings under Article 101 TFEU and Article 53 of the EEA Agreement ; COMPANHIA PREVIDENTE was jointly and severally liable for payment of that claim , claiming a reduction in the fine imposed on the applicants in the light of their insolvency .
R937	According to the applicants , the Commission infringed Article 296 TFEU in so far as it did not properly justify the refusal to reduce the fine on account of insolvency , since the conditions which , according to the European Commission 's decision - making practice ( in particular , point 35 of the Guidelines on the method of calculation of fines imposed pursuant to Article 23(2)(a ) of Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1/2003 ( 1 ) , hereinafter ' the Guidelines' ) and the case - law of the European Union , were not properly analysed . In the case of insolvency courts , it must be fulfilled in order for the fine to be reduced within that framework ; also failed to properly assess the claims made by the COMPANHIA PREVIDENTE group , during the procedure in question before the European Commission , with regard to the fulfilment of those conditions by the COMPANHIA PREVIDENTE group . In addition , the applicants claim , pursuant to Article 261 TFEU , a reduction of the fine on grounds of insolvency imposed on SOCITREL , for which COMPANHIA PREVIDENTE is jointly and severally liable . Part IV of the Annex is replaced by the text in Annex III to this Decision . Article 2 This Decision shall apply from 23 December 2004 . Article 3 This Decision is addressed to the Member States . Done at Brussels , 8 December 2004 .
R938	No 847/96 does not apply . only in exceptional cases of sale at a price below the average of variable costs , the Community judicature presumes that the application of prices is inherently abusive . 227 In its reply , the applicant states that the principles established by the Court in the field of predatory prizes should be applied in the case of a margin squeeze , since the price of wholesale services is determined by the regulatory authority . The Commission should therefore have provided evidence that the margin squeeze in question entails actual distortion of competition . Since the wholesale charges are determined by RegTP , this evidence is only provided where the dominant undertaking , after excluding the competitor , is able to offset the losses it has suffered during that exclusionary phase because of its low - price policy by increasing its retail prices . In the present case , however , any attempt made by the applicant to that effect would immediately entail the return of its competitors to the market . 228 In the second place , the applicant denies that its fares constituted a barrier to entry or excluded its competitors from the market . 229 First , the applicant 's competitors were able to enter the market . To that end , the applicant points out that its competitors may cross - finance between the call tariffs and the tariff tariffs or variable tariffs and fixed tariffs in order to offset any shortfall in the concentration .
R939	Thus , the applicant 's competitors achieve a significantly higher turnover from the pay tariffs for the concentration than the applicant , which is , moreover , highly predictable . The responses of the applicant 's competitors to the request for information of 19 January 2000 , as well as the decisions of RegTP of 29 April 2003 , confirm that those competitors can cross - finance the tariff tariffs and call charges . The applicant also refers to its observations of 29 July 2002 on the statement of objections and to the documents referred to in those observations . Finally , it is clear from the studies carried out by the applicant that all its competitors could have achieved positive margins for direct costs by cross - financing between their fixed tariffs and variable tariffs for each type of concentration , and therefore also for analogue lines . For that purpose , the applicant refers to KomTel , which , according to its own statement in the press release of 31 May 2002 , reached a market share of 43 % of the Flensburg concentration . It is therefore appropriate that a derogation be granted from the provision suspending the importation of meat products of wild feathered game originating in Switzerland , where the products have been treated with certain specific treatments set out in Part 4 of Annex II of Decision 2007/777/EC .
R940	In the interests of clarity and consistency of Union legislation , it is appropriate that the definition of poultry and hatching eggs laid down in that Regulation be taken into account for the purposes of this Decision . Commission Implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 139/2013 ( 12 ) lays down the animal health conditions for imports into the Union of certain birds from third countries and parts thereof . In the interests of clarity and consistency of Union rules , it is appropriate that the definition of birds set out in that Regulation be taken into account for the purposes of this Decision . For the sake of clarity and simplification of Union legislation , it is appropriate to delete Decision 2009/494/EC and to replace it by this Decision . Thank God ? Yes . but I thought it was a currency exchange ? Thank you . Something 's going on . | Other variable - yield securities Well , it was n't me . I did n't do it , so it had to be someone else . No , I 'm lying , I 've been practicing . Like the time I said I was going to have pudding . I lied because I do n't like pudding . That was a lie . Cley 's almost here . Gary , are you telling us this now ? Yeah , I just found out , Bill . He 's on his way . Okay , doc .
R941	Rebecca ? O ... I think she 's figured it out . Wait . I want to see her face when she figures it out . Um ... I really should n't be neglecting my friends . Please go . we can help each other . I told you we could help stay clean . but let 's do it first . That 's ridiculous . We 're ready to dress you . I 'll be right there . Lorelei , I ... Do n't say anything else . You 're having a hard time . If you want to get angry , watch her next number . You mean ... If I return it , I 'll admit I stole it . Over there . where your senses find such simplicity ? Will the second view of the landscape provide the same spectacle as the first ? Why is your will so rigid ? this is the presumed basis of the language . EU Commission - European Judicial Network - Service of documents - Cyprus THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 21 - 05 - 2005 Service of documents - Cyprus TABLE OF CONTENTS " documents " ?
R942	Which documents need to be served formally ? How is the document in practice normally served ? What happens when in exceptional cases service to the addressee himself is not possible ? Do I have to pay for the service of a document , and if so , how much ? What does the legal term " service of documents " mean in practical terms ? in practical terms , service of documents means the delivery of court documents and other documents to the natural or legal person concerned in accordance with the procedure stipulated by the legislation in force . Why are there specific rules on the " service of documents " ? Which documents need to be served formally ? writ of summons , initial applications , appeals , legal documents , every judicial document , every document which the court orders to be served and every document the service of which is required by the legislation in force . Thanks . You 're welcome . I 'm supposed to sign ? You left the rehab ? No . I 'm moving to a withdrawal center in Lincoln Village . I already have 64 days . It 's a fantasy . So ... I just wanted to see Abel before I went . Of course , that 's a good idea . Okay . Oh , shit , Jax . I 've seen him today . how much do I owe you ? Look .
R943	You have such a pretty woman , what are you doing here so late ? you 're looking at something from the profuse . it 's not appropriate that it sticks out of the trunk . the suitcase will then open lightly . Open the trunk , I 'll get it for you . No , I 'll do it myself . It 's okay . All right , as you wish . What ? I 'd like to make sure of one thing before I leave . Silence ! It 's a cow ! Did you notice how cross - eyed he was ? You do n't know where he 's looking . all of you are such pussies ! italic , fractions , I ca n't do that . This is the end of innocence . For the European Union [ 1 ] OJ L 169 of 3.7.2010 , page 13 . Told you not to wander so far away from me . Excuse me , can we help you ? I 'm sorry if she harassed you . This is my sister Kelly . I 'm sorry about what happened . If you need a place to wait , we have one extra bed , right here , for emergencies . We 're staying with Dad 's associates until Social Services can figure out what to do with us . Yeah , it 's , uh , probably better . It 's the big house on the hill . Come on .
R944	that reminds me of some of the works of Toulouse - Lautrec that were made in the late 19th century . and he was attracted to the artificial light in the cafes and on the stage . the same way Degas displayed his ballerinas with light on the stage . Your test results are very impressive . You 're an excellent ranger in class , but you 're failing in the field . authorities or bodies providing classified information or documents referred to in the first subparagraph shall inform the Ombudsman of their classification . The Ombudsman may , for the purpose of applying the rules referred to in the first subparagraph , agree with the competent authority or institution on the specific conditions of access to classified information and other information subject to professional secrecy . Officials and other servants of Community institutions and bodies must testify at the request of the Ombudsman ; they shall remain bound by the relevant articles of the Staff Regulations , in particular professional secrecy . Amendment 6 Article 4 The Ombudsman and his staff , to whom Article 287 of the Treaty establishing the European Community , Article 47(2 ) of the Treaty establishing the European Coal and Steel Association and Article 194 of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community shall apply , shall be required not to divulge information or documents which they have been informed of in the course of their inquiries .
R945	The Ombudsman and his staff , to whom Article 287 of the Treaty establishing the European Community and Article 194 of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community apply , shall be required not to divulge information or documents which they have been informed of in the course of their enquiries . they shall also be obliged not to disclose any classified information or any documents provided to the Ombudsman as sensitive documents within the meaning of Article 9 of Regulation ( EC ) No 1049/2001 or to documents covered by Community law as regards the protection of personal data as well as any information likely to harm the complainant or any other interested person , without prejudice to paragraph 2 . The Ombudsman and his staff shall deal with applications from third parties for access to documents received by the Ombudsman during the investigation , in accordance with the conditions and limits laid down in Regulation ( EC ) No 1049/2001 , and in particular Article 4 thereof . If the Ombudsman becomes aware of facts which , in his opinion , fall within the scope of criminal law , he shall immediately inform the competent national authorities through the Permanent Representations of the Member States to the European Communities and , if necessary , the Community institution of the official or staff member concerned , and , where appropriate , the latter may apply the second paragraph of Article 18 of the Protocol on Privileges and Immunities of the European Communities .
R946	Amendments 7 Article 5 The Ombudsman may , where this helps to make his enquiries more efficient and to better safeguard the rights and interests of complainants , cooperate with authorities of the same type in certain Member States , in compliance with the applicable national legislation . as if we were in his head . There 's a party at your house . Yes , you stayed there to meet you ? I invited you to meet the people I work with . I do n't care about the people you work with . I only want to see you . If they were models , you did n't mind . Yeah . This is my life now , Hank . My patients are more important . hundreds of people who understand what I 'm doing right now . the implementation of the principle of equal treatment between men and women in the access to and supply of goods and services continues to be covered by Directive 2004/113/EC . There 's so many people . It 's really amazing . then I 'll text you . Hi , " Ciao " . Awesome . I 'm really proud . Hi . Hi . How 'd it go ? Good , I think .
R947	At least you can eat it . It 's getting dark here soon enough . Stop it ... I 'm not talking to you , Father . Imagine that , Ted . but it 's not about what you know , you know ? the classification is determined by General Rules 1 and 6 for the interpretation of the Combined Nomenclature and by the wording of CN codes 1701 , 1701 99 , 1701 99 90 . The product is composed of a mixture of sucrose in crystal form and sodium chloride . It can not be regarded as raw sugar within the meaning of Additional Note 1 to Chapter 17 of the CN . the product must be classified as other sugar in CN subheading 1701 99 90 . white sugar Wheat flour Classification is determined by General Rules 1 and 6 for the interpretation of the Combined Nomenclature , and by the wording of CN codes 2106 , 2106 90 , 2106 90 98 . product consisting of ( % by weight ) sucrose Lactose Classification is determined by General Rules 1 and 6 for the interpretation of the Combined Nomenclature , and by the wording of CN codes 1701 , 1701 99 , 1701 99 90 . The product must be classified as other sugar in CN subheading 1701 99 90 because the lactose content does not alter the characteristics of the product as a sugar of Chapter 17 of the CN . product consisting of ( % by weight )
R948	" I know the condition . and now listen to my probation . Mr. Waadt said , by the end of Sunday . It 's still Sunday . I 'd like to buy a dishwasher and I want this docker to sell it to me . I 'd like to buy a microwave from this docker . I 'd like to buy a washer and dryer for my brother . Randy , that 's my credit card . I lost mine . I 'm sorry I did n't treat you better . Transcript : And so , one by one , my dockies helped me start a new career , and I was right that the lust for success was a really good thing , because I felt great . On the other hand , Joy , she was n't so lucky with her career in Mexico . Vamanos ! and chasquido . Well , some things are so interesting that you have to film them on film , like Ufo , or Yeti . Peter ... Oh , yes . Do n't ask me how we thought you were the Tarot Killer . Miss Pransky . not only am I not mad at you , but ... Plus you amused me beautifully . What ? Just the idea that I 'd be such a fiendish fiend . I just love her . Really ? Yes . I think it 's one of the funniest and craziest things I 've ever heard . Peter ?
R949	I did n't mean to . What are you doing here ? I 'm knocking on your window . and what do you do ? I sleep . How come you have a broken window ? He was n't rude to you ? You swear ? Yeah . Did he say anything about me ? Just that he does n't want me to see you anymore . You wo n't listen to him , will you ? the more they give , the more you do . The more you do , the better they look . and that 's why they hired you to have a connection to Congress . We want long - term cooperation , Claire . We 're not just a chain in a chain . I 'll think about it . I said I 'd think about it . Madeleine , you have to write these things to me . We have a system here . And if you ... Okay . Fine . C_2007034EN.01001801.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union C 74/18 STATE AID - GERMANY State aid No C 58/06 ( ex NN 98/05 ) - Aid for Bahnen der Stadt Monheim ( BSM ) and Rheinische Bahngesellschaft ( RBM ) Verkehrsverbund Rhein Ruhr Invitation to submit comments pursuant to Article 88(2 ) of the EC Treaty ( Text with EEA relevance ) ( 2007/C 74/10 )
R950	European Commission Directorate - General for Energy and Transport Directorate A B-1049 Brussels Fax ( 32 - 2 ) 296 41 04 These comments will be communicated to Germany . Confidential treatment of the identity of the interested party submitting the comments may be requested in writing , stating the reasons for the request . Since this case is similar to the case of Altmark Trans before the Commission adopted its position on this complaint , it was awaiting a ruling by the Court of Justice for a preliminary ruling in the present case C-280/00 of 24 July 2003 . Here ? Do n't worry . Stand over here . We 're almost down . Mama ? Miss Susan . He saved her . She 's alive ! Susan , darling ! Well done , Jacob . Thank you , God . we 'll take these remaining boxes to the car and go . Good God . How are you , Norman ? And you ? What about the heart ? You want , you know , while I 'm waiting for that goose to answer . Yes . The goose of a foolish one . I 'll have to call directly to the hospital . " Will you be honest with me ? " She stared into his eyes . I 'll be at the hands of those two cocksuckers . It 'll help something ? No , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no .
R951	So nothing happened , and I agreed that I would play . You 're good , Mr. Green . But , please , tell me if your ... The next thing I saw was shooting . People were hurt . Money went away . The Eddies knew what I said , threatening my brother 's daughter . After some time , the Eddies trio somehow made Mach nervous , so he shuffled them into the concrete in one of his buildings . I 'll try to find a deal . Not now ... but it does n't make sense . Someone 's gon na come ... Walker ... Walker said ? The very same . I do n't think we know each other . Auguste Bruner , Judge , and a model , a student of the University of Geneva , Valentina Dussaut . OCR by Subrip 1.02 Conversion & QC by NuckingFuts slackvision yahoo.com with support from p - face Translation : WOMAN : Processed by C.M.C. They 're all supposed to be okay . Come here . alone . Completely ? Completely . I just got a call about a photo shoot . They want to see me . Is everything all right now ? Miss Tanner , I 'm sorry . Did the principal sleep here tonight ? No . You know he 's on his way . Miss Tanner , where are you teaching this morning ? in a sophomore , in the Red Hall . Enough ! Enough ! Stop !
R952	That 's enough . Enough ! What 's going on ? You heard that ! Some of these requirements can only be met by animal testing ( hereinafter referred to as ' legal measures' ) . specific measures should be put in place to increase the use of alternative approaches and to avoid unnecessary duplication of trials arising from legal measures . For that purpose , Member States should recognise the validity of test data obtained using the test methods laid down in Community legislation . He did not come from the sky , but from the foul flames of hell . Do n't you ? Have we lost sheep so much ? We are not sheep . Go on , get out of here ! Do n't worry about it , Edward . Shame on you , keeping your special visit to yourself . We think you 're acting like a normal selfish person . We were in a bit of a mess . But you 're kind to try and fix the situation . Barbecue ? but the patient 's death struggle gave us a chance ... Let me know if you change your mind . Hicks , I 'd be honored . It 's nice to have it with you . Play nine holes twice a week and 18 on weekends . Quickly . Shut up . I 've got him ! Hi ! What 's the matter with you people ? Hi . Justin , what do you want ?
R953	I just want to talk to you . the Isle of Man ( dependent territory of the British Crown ) . The Isle of Man is the self - governing territory of the British Crown ( as well as the Channel Islands ) and is not part of the EU , but has a limited relationship with the free movement of goods . You see ? I told you she 'd be relevant . Instead of sharing this gift , this woman , the godmother Gothel , had hidden him from them all , and had used his magical powers for hundreds of years to sustain eternal youth . an electronic copy must still be replaced by a paper licence , immediately upon receipt of the printed licence . I think I probably do . Well ... not necessarily . mother intuition . All right , all right , all right . Look at you . Do you have any ID ? Kiss me . What ? Just kiss me , quick . Wow . For this purpose , the Commission has concluded , on behalf of the Union , negotiations with Iceland , Liechtenstein and Norway on an agreement on the new EEA Financial Mechanism for the period 2009 - 2014 and an annex to the Agreement . Yeah . Yeah , sure . Well , it 's not like a test that you would fall for . Do you want to dismount , Mr. Phillips ?
R954	Please try . He wants to talk you out of it . He 's crazy . I still have one gun loaded . Go over there . We were supposed to lock you up this morning . You should have tried that . I did n't even say hello to you this morning , but it 's good to see you . Well , how do you feel ? Not a bit . Yippee ! I like that you 're a romantic about your work , I am , too , about a lot of things , like a vacation . Yeah . I feel " but " coming . Do you mind if I touch your ass every time I hear " but " ? Thanks . is n't it ? No . and barbecue is a nightmare in San Jose . and I just keep waiting for my newlyweds to change their mind again . No , look , fine . Good day . You just do n't give up , do you ? You bastards ! Wretched sons of bitches ! Leave ... me ... alone ! I 'll give it to you ! The gold - digging wife ! How about this ? ! you have to print it ? I 'm not a newspaper . who are you ? A private investigator hired by daddy with mommy ? I 'm just someone who wants to help . Look ... it 's simple .
R955	configuration manager : connection manager : a general remote communication error occurred . configuration manager : The computer selected for remote communication is not available at this time . configuration manager : The Plug and Play service or other required service is not available . unreachable system protocol The User Forum will adopt its rules of procedure . negotiations with the remaining trade union ( ALPA ) are in the final phase . The Commission notes that the airline has exceeded the target of 500 voluntary applications under early retirement schemes and voluntary redundancy . The company has already left more than 40 % of the total planned number of employees . The expected cost reduction achieved by the management of contracts in the form of cost savings of EUR [ 7 to 9 ] million appears to be achievable since , through the negotiated negotiations , savings of EUR [ 4 to 5 ] million per annum have already been achieved and 90 % of the negotiations with the International Malta International Airport ( owned by private shareholders ) , which will contribute to cost savings by the highest amount of [ ... ] , have already been achieved .
R956	The Commission notes positively that , on the basis of the opening decision , all assumptions have been revised in the restructuring plan and a number of key assumptions have been revised . The annual growth rate of the Maltese air transport market of 5.9 % was reduced to 4 % per annum for the period up to 2016 due to the revised GDP growth forecasts published by the IMF and Eurostat . As regards projected yields , Malta has demonstrated that the expected average yield growth of less than 2 % is in line with the forecast of a number of network carriers in Europe ( e.g. " Well , I see you 're a dangerous individual , " he said at last . " We 'd better put you someplace where we can keep an eye on you . Well , yes , that 's true . you could disrupt the enemy from within . " The Reginald , who was obviously relieved , raised a fist in greeting , and , with a revolutionary speed , took the table to the newly grown barricade . there was a quick exchange of views behind the old makeshift barricade , whose controversial unity had already been disturbed by the removal of the furniture of the husband of Rukford .
R957	But she quickly dismissed that idea with another , on Grace Farnham . What an apology this woman might have had for being an alcoholic , always grumpy , fat and suffering from fits of self - pity ? And she had a husband like that ! she dismissed the idea that Mrs. Farnham was exactly what her friend Karen might become . Barbara did n't like those thoughts at all . She liked Karen more than any other college club girl she met when she came back to finish college . Karen was kind , generous and cheerful - but perhaps once that was Grace Farnham . must the woman become a grumpy and useless creature ? Hubert Farnham looked up from the last card . Good bet , partner . " she laughed . " You mean well played . They 're working on it . From what it says in the papers , he 's a reclusive genius from the Irish Army ... I do n't want to hear about the newspaper , ever . Sid 's gon na take care of it . Write phone calls , footprints . The first shift is officially 9 to 17 hours . I expect you to be here until at least 22 . I expect you to start at 9 . You think I 'm joking ? One day you 'll be late and you 'll see where you 'll end up . Yes , sir . I 'm sorry , sir .
R958	Lastly , since the two marks refer to very different goods , it is unlikely that the goods and services covered by the mark SPA - FINDERS reduce the attractiveness of the mark SPA , even if their quality is lower . balanced model A balanced model is often used in conjunction with a franchise model or a functional model . A balanced model can be overlapped by a franchise model or a functional model using a metric group to ensure a metric perspective . another way of implementing a balanced model is to create a scorecard for each perspective . This is appropriate for organizations that are at the beginning of the balanced scorecard . For example , in a comparison model and in a functional model , metrics can be grouped together , such as a unit defects , the number of returns , and the number of downloaded goods , to provide prospects for customers . These organizations are often moved to a functional model that overlaps the balanced scorecard model using groups . 22 IBM Cognos Metric Studio compiling IBM Cognos Business Intelligence applications The life of IBM ® Cognos ® Business Intelligence can be several months or even years . In this period of time , data may be changed and new requirements may emerge . When basic data is changed , authors must modify existing content and develop new content . Administrators must also gradually update models and data sources .
R959	For more information about using data sources , see the IBM Cognos Administration and Security Guide and the IBM Cognos Framework Manager User Guide . No , it 's not okay . God , she 's so fucking arrogant . who gives a fuck what they think ? No one will ever see a single ship here . You were n't the one who said we were supposed to be ... no matter what other people think about us ? Or did you just say that ? I feel like we 've known each other all our lives . Yeah , the world is small . No , the world is not small . It was a long time ago . When I was conceived , my mom was only 16 . If you knew something , would you tell me ? We were on our way from the church , and I thought we 'd stop by for a cup . Fuck ! Okay , Gwildor is yours . You are not afraid of Gwildor . You just do n't want to lose those rippling muscles . The day you saw the Seeker and the Confessor in agony . You want a story that you can tell ? A promise that you will let us go , and the Seeker here will be most pleased to finish what I have abruptly interrupted . What ? No mercy . Richard . Kahlan . Thanks to all the Ghosts , I found you in time .
R960	It 's on the other side of the river . We have to get in there . Wait , the captain . Take a look . Hey ! Have you seen a German pilot ? With our work , we 'll put Dr. Kaufman in the ground . Listen . I used to make fun of your bow tie , but the tie they tied you to for the set did n't suit you either . I mean , it was n't you . I ca n't believe I 'm saying this . I need to talk to you . Virginia ? What are you doing ? our tenant . Specify the number of times you want to run the maximum . The macro will be executed once if you leave the field blank ( and the recurrence count will also be empty ) . Press F1 for help on this argument . Enter an expression that will stop the macro to evaluate the False value . If you want the macro to run repeatedly until the expression is unclear , but not more than as many times as the recurrence Count indicates , use this argument together with the recurrence count . To use the Expression Builder to use the Expression Builder , click Build . Press F1 for help on this argument . left margin right margin top edge bottom margin syntax check report template the default search or substitution default record lock
R961	Okay , I 'm not gon na do that . Listen , I 'm sorry . I did n't mean it . It was just a joke . You 're doing your job great . Honor knew exactly how Hemphill would respond to any protest , and besides , it was too late to rectify the damage anyway . Besides , she had her orders . No matter how stupid they were , it was her duty to do them , and that was what they said at the Academy . And even if it was n't , Fearless was her ship , for God 's sake ! Whatever Hemphill had done to him , Honor would not let her relapse his reputation . and she 'd never been able to figure out what else he was doing , but it had to be his mysterious extra sense , because she felt her outrage melted into determination , and she knew damn well that it was n't all her fault . she began to think about the problem in her mind . Finally , the idea was so crazy that no one in his right mind would expect such a thing . This was enough for a light cruiser , and the great men would tend to ignore Fearless and concentrate on the enemy 's heaviest ships . It 's basically a suicidal attack , but it 's not gon na make a bunch around Hemphill .
R962	they would consider the exchange of a light cruiser ( and its crew ) as an enemy dreadnought or a superdreadnought * for more than reasonable , which was one of the reasons Honor felt resistant to their so - called ' so - called ' tactical doctrine . And even if she had succeeded in attacking , and miraculously survived , as soon as the attackers knew that Fearless was wandering around , and how armed she was , she would never be able to repeat it again . in addition , it should be immediately examined whether the strict protection of " animal species " by fish in specific regions is still in line with EU legislation , in order to easily justify the necessary exemptions in the Member States ; considers that education and training programmes tailored to the needs of the aquaculture market by Member States and local and regional authorities , which should be called on to provide information on the current offer and Considers that , with regard to the transfer of knowledge , best practices and innovation , the Commission can act either by setting up a planned European Market Observatory , or by inviting Member States to focus future operational programmes for wider support for aquaculture businesses ( in particular collective ) which carry out projects in the field of knowledge and innovation transfer ;
R963	Emphasises the need to pay maximum attention to the potential contribution of the ever - increasing demand for biological products to the growth of the sector ; agrees with the distribution of objectives ( Member States , the Commission , the Advisory Committee on Aquaculture ) ; in its view , the assessment of the local public - private partnerships behind the creation of coastal action groups that can contribute to the sustainable development of the aquaculture sector could also be included ; A new way of managing aquaculture in the EU is pleased with the fact that the Commission has taken account of the CoR 's recommendation ( formulated in its opinion CdR 20/2003 ) to set up a specific advisory committee for aquaculture in order to provide the responsible policy - makers with objective information . It also points out that the Committee ' offers its services as an information forum and guarantor of public participation and information on issues relating to aquaculture , which is intended to contribute ( ... ) to improving the management of the sector' ( 2 ) . ' I wish I were Jim , ' he said suddenly . " Who 's Jim ? " " My brother . " " Tell me about him . " He and I are the only survivors of our entire family , just like you and Kate are left of yours . For guarantees Aid Instrument ( Article 5 )
R964	Direct grant Reference to the Commission Decision If co - financed by Community funds Art . Esk tapped her on the back . two of them stretched out their hairy arms and grabbed Granny by the shoulders . her hand vanished behind her , then something moved swiftly , and the two men began to jump desperately back and forth , clutching the various parts of the body and cursing furiously . for anyone who looked as if he could get in their way , cast such a threatening look that he thought of it quickly . the elevated table struck the tiles with a thud , and the senior wizards quickly formed up behind Cutangle , who tried to pick up the remnants of his dignity . He held up his hands to quiet the present , and the whole hall waited for Granny and Esk to approach him . Granny stared with interest at the paintings and sculptures of the long - deceased wizards . " Who are these jokers ? " she asked Esk out of the corner . I 've never met a wizard who had no digestive problems . " " All I know about them is that they 're very dusty , " said Esk . Subject : Threat of redundancies in Delphi in Portugal Answer from the Commission ( 25 January 2010 ) P-5603/09 ( ES ) by Raül Romeva i Rueda ( Verts / ALE ) to the Commission ( 10 November 2009 )
R965	Subject : Organisation of the party ' Toro de Júbila ' in Medinaceli ( Province of Soria , Spain ) Answer from the Commission ( 9 February 2010 ) that 's a terrible story . He has a gift . So , Coach . You think he 's got a chance to play football in college ? if he plays like he does now , yeah . I like hearing that . That 's right , Tim . Both your parents live here in Dillon ? He wo n't get home at all . Yeah ... Aiden , stay with me ! Jim ! Aiden , stay here . The volume information is reported in pieces , but cells and modules are reported together . Prior to action [ Year n-1 ] What would you not like with me ? Okay . Nothing . So you see . You 're finally starting to understand . That 's why I 'm a legend among people . Did I ever tell you how I fought the Nemean lion ? I promised . I have to kill Pasiphae . Guards ! He ran away before I looked at his face . Where did you find it ? in the chambers of Princess Ariadne . The paediatric committee shall consider free of charge : ( c ) paediatric investigation plans ; ( d ) compliance with the agreed paediatric investigation plan .
R966	Article 48 The Community contribution under Article 67 of Regulation ( EC ) No 726/2004 shall cover the activities of the Paediatric Committee , including scientific support provided by experts , and the activities of the Agency , including the assessment of paediatric investigation plans , scientific advice and any fee exemption under this Regulation , and support the activities of the Agency under Articles 41 and 44 of this Regulation . Article 49 1 . Without prejudice to the Protocol on the Privileges and Immunities of the European Communities , each Member State shall lay down sanctions for infringements of the provisions of this Regulation or of the implementing measures adopted pursuant to it as regards medicinal products authorised by the procedures laid down in Directive 2001/83/EC and shall take all measures necessary for their implementation . sanctions must be effective , proportionate and dissuasive . Member States shall inform the Commission of those provisions by 26 October 2007 . report any subsequent changes as soon as possible . The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 38 concerning the clarification of the measures referred to in paragraph 1 . I could arrange an exhibition . Mom ... My last night at home . From now on , I wo n't be home alone . Did you even sleep when you were together ? I learned to sleep alone , did n't I ? Yeah , except Laura . I really did n't plan on doing this .
R967	It 's our world . but why do I even care ? Letterman was a nice guy . No matter what he talks about . It 's been a long time since I got paid and promoted my comic books . Funny thing is , something about me and Letterman was lucky for the audience . He kept asking me back . It was about a year ago , this month ... That 's true . No , last month . Last year , last month , you were at your first show on the show . You 'll never see me again . Please , Tony , I do n't want to die . I 've never hurt anyone . No , you did n't hurt anyone . They did it for the rest of you . Please , Tony . No ! Oh , God ! Listen , Tony . I wo n't kill you . Move away . Thanks . Thanks for your support , guys . A reward of $ 100,000 from Sint , and we 'll tell you about the next season . Tarzan is a plastic surgeon . Would you let him operate ? and Troyzan and Kat . It 's raining , and my hands are soaking wet . I want to sleep for at least one night , or I 'll go crazy . I 'm so cold .
R968	( c ) the substance or object meets the technical requirements for the specific purposes and complies with the existing legislation and standards applicable to the products ; and ( d ) the use of the substance or object does not lead to overall adverse environmental or human health impacts . Criteria shall include , as appropriate , limit values for pollutants and shall take into account any possible adverse environmental impacts of the substance or object . An equalisation of the increase in value of property takes place also where the marriage is annulled , unless this would be grossly inequitable in view of the circumstances when the marriage was entered into or , in the case of a bigamous marriage , in view of the interests of the third party ( Section 1318 ( 3 ) BGB ) . The spouse 's right of inheritance is abolished as in the case of a divorce , namely when the conditions for the annulment exist and a corresponding application has been served on the spouses .
R969	In compliance with the above criteria , the standard import values must be fixed at the levels set out in the Annex to this Regulation , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION : I took care of Harriet and Martin . so these were all the members of the family who live here . There were more of them on that day . Cecilia 's sister Anita , who died of cancer . Greger Vanger and Ulrika Vanger . _ Delete Anstataóigi Replace every overlapping note Replace a range of colors with another range Replace string or regular expression Replace Barcode Change bar code Replace books with same calibre ID Replace books with same calibre identifier It 's okay , I believe you . Wait a minute , is it five o'clock ? It 's our day . The man threw our people to the dogs ! On the basis of this , the Commission concludes that the free guarantee conferred an advantage on CVSL . According to the Belgian authorities , the insolvency administrator has fully repaid a loan of EUR 300 000 on 28 July 2009 from available resources and using a guarantee of EUR 150 000 . The amount of the aid therefore corresponds to the difference between the interest rate of the loan that CVSL 's receiver would have had to pay on the market without the existence of a public guarantee and the interest rate actually paid on the existence of the guarantee .
R970	These measures were implemented by regional authorities on the basis of several framework contracts concluded with the Spanish Central Government ( Framework Agreements of 2008 ) and addenda to the 2006 framework agreements concluded in 2008 , and the 2008 Framework Contracts , which were concluded in 2009 . On the basis of the contracts and additions concluded , regional and/or local authorities have introduced a wide range of different measures aimed at extending the coverage of DTT in Area II , in particular through calls for tenders , as set out in recitals 32 to 35 . Do you want me to kill you ? Let 's try to focus on the murder Mr. Koroa is planning . In order to uncover his plans , we 'll have to get the men in . I have a reservation for a studio suite . he 's drug - trained . Police , ma'am . I have nothing to hide . You sure about that ? You said he was n't answering anymore . Now we have a problem . Tomas has a problem , and you 're the solution . I 'll contact my contacts and arrange an appointment . The railway undertaking is responsible for the operational safety of vehicles which have been put into operation within the network .
R971	34 It is clear , as the applicant submits , that , even if the fact that the signs at issue have a different first letter constitutes a phonetic difference , the pronunciation of the following four letters ' olve' remains strictly identical and necessarily preserves the degree of similarity ( see , to that effect , the judgment of the Court of First Instance of 23 October 2002 in Institut für Lernsysteme v OHIM - ELS Educational Services ( see , to that effect , Case T - 388/00 [ 1991 ] ECR II - 4301 , paragraphs 69 to 73 ) . 40 Although , as the Board of Appeal pointed out , the beginning of a sign is relevant in the overall impression given by that sign , the existence of a certain similarity can not be denied in the present case , in view of the identical pronunciation of a large proportion of each of the signs at issue , namely four of their five letters . Only the intervener submits that the Latin origin of the marks in question should indicate certain conceptual differences . 43 However , the Court considers that it is unlikely that the consumer in question would perceive the importance which the marks at issue may have in the light of their Latin origin , in so far as it is generally unlikely that a significant proportion of consumers would make a comparison between the terms mentioned in those marks and Latin .
R972	45 However , the Office submits that , in the present case , the goods in question , namely software specialised in the systems of warehousing and container terminals , are intended for professional public , for which the relatively high level of attention must be taken into account for the purpose of reviewing the legality of the Board of Appeal 's assessment as regards the similarity of the signs at issue . 46 However , the General Court observes that the Board of Appeal did not take account of the target public for the purposes of assessing the similarity of the signs at issue . By its argument , the Office is therefore not intended to set out the facts capable of clarifying the reasoning in the decision at issue , but to provide an additional statement of reasons in support of the merits of the Board of Appeal 's conclusion in the contested decision , that is to say , a statement of reasons which does not exist in the contested decision . 47 In that regard , it can not be held , as the Office stated at the hearing , that the question of the definition of the relevant public is a legal condition which may be examined of its own motion and for the first time by the General Court .
R973	The definition of the relevant public is based on the facts which must first be assessed by the Office in compliance with Article 74(1 ) of Regulation No 40/94 and may , where appropriate , be the subject of review by the Community judicature in the light of the arguments and evidence relied on by the parties . I do not think that there is a substantial difference for the defendant between a single delivery and more deliveries , which could lead to more than one competent court in only one Member State . The main difficulty of a company or individual as a party to an international dispute is to secure the defence of its interests in a State other than its State . This company or individual is thus forced to seek out counselors with whom they can communicate and who know the language , management and functioning of the courts of that other State . The substance triclabendazole is included in Annex I to Regulation ( EEC ) No 2377/90 for bovine and ovine species for muscle , kidney and liver , excluding animals producing milk for human consumption . Following an examination of an application to amend these MRLs , it is considered appropriate to include triclabendazole in that Annex for all ruminants for muscle , fat , kidney and kidney , excluding those producing milk for human consumption and to alter the values of MRLs . Regulation ( EEC ) No 2377/90 should therefore be amended accordingly .
R974	At the request of the Eurogroup , the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the ECB may be heard by the Eurogroup on the exercise of his supervisory tasks in the presence of representatives of any participating Member State whose currency is not the euro . Subject : Economic crisis and micro - enterprises in Lithuania Joint answer from the Commission ( 27 October 2010 ) ... and then I heard someone yelling , and that was me . How are you ? Mill 's still open . Yeah . Yeah . Let 's go . The guy in the yellow shirt . Check the back room . Member States shall ensure that competent authorities have the exclusive competence to appoint and remove any temporary administrator . A competent authority may change the terms of appointment of a temporary administrator at any time , subject to the provisions of this Article . How should I know ? but it was . I was there ? Yeah , you were in Queens . Queens is Long Island . Queens is part of New York . I do n't think it 's any of Long Island 's . It 's a part of New York , but it 's in Long Island . a separate city on Long Island . a separate city that belongs to New York . That 's it . Long Island is a border moraine . What ?
R975	Commission EN Official Journal of the European Union L 300/48 COMMISSION DECISION of 19 May 2004 authorising the placing of sweet maize produced from genetically modified maize series Bt11 as a novel food or novel food ingredient in accordance with Regulation ( EC ) No 258/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council ( notified under document number C(2004 ) The following changes should be made in the package leaflet of Quixil : it 's a complicated history . we know them as Ostrogos , Visigoths or Huns . % s is not working properly and has exceeded the power limits of the corresponding hub port . If you click the Close button , the port will no longer work . port was not properly reset . to use the port , restart your computer . The location of the device is shown in bold type . try reconnecting the device . not recognized USB device . One of the USB devices attached to this computer is not working properly , and Windows has not recognized it . move this device to a controller that has more bandwidth , or release bandwidth by closing programs using devices on the current controller . So at the end of the battle , the Italians regained that territory again , and the front did not move dramatically . Defendant : Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market ( Trade Marks and Designs ) Other party to the proceedings before the Board of Appeal :
R976	Commitment Budget commitments relating to the operational programmes are made per annual proportion , for each fund and objective . The Commission shall adopt the first annual proportion before the adoption of the operational programme . automatic decommitment : a portion of the budgetary commitment is automatically decommitted by the Commission if it has not been used or if no payment application has been received by the end of the second year following that of the budgetary commitment ( n+2 ) For Bulgaria , the Czech Republic , Estonia , Greece , Cyprus , Latvia , Lithuania , Hungary , Malta , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Slovenia and Slovakia , the deadline is set for the end of the third year ( n+3 ) between 2007 and 2010 , under their operational programmes . financing conditions : targeting of the Lisbon strategy : The contributions of the Funds must now target the priorities of the European Union regarding the promotion of competitiveness and job creation ( Lisbon strategy ) . The Commission and the Member States oversee that 60 % of the expenditure of all Member States for Convergence and 75 % of the expenditure for Competitiveness and Employment target these priorities . Click here ( PDF , 79 KB ) to view the categories of expenditure . Go on until we reach the wicked John and send him to the bottom of The River ! ' " I 'm sorry to hear that , " was all Hermann could say .
R977	he went down to the dimly lit passageway , out of the sector for the officers and the landing deck of the Rex . The fog was beginning to form under the railing of the B deck . A was already in the fog . the sky glowed brightly above him , but on the western side the clouds were moving swiftly toward the ship . on both sides of the Valley the mountains covered much of the sky . even if Rex had docked in a small bay two miles above the strait , the Valley was only a little wider . it was a cold place , grim , despondent . Burton yawned , stretched , and considered lighting a cigarette or a cigar . To hell with the insomnia ! It 's not a concept anymore ? It 's already a pen ? Here , be careful . Abed , think about it for a minute . If anyone leaves before we find the pen , how do any of us still believe in a group ? What 's the rush ? I 'm not comfortable standing here like you two anorexic went ... That was really bad . We 've been through a lot today , and I 'm sure the fear of pregnancy weighs on you all week , right ? Let him finish .
R978	Seldon 's dissatisfaction did not dissipate . " There 's our plane , " she said . The plane was small with oddly shaped wings . dors said , " We are psycho . " ( b ) 40 % of the matched weighted position in zone 1 ; ( c ) 30 % of the matched weighted position in zone 2 ; ( d ) 30 % of the matched weighted position in zone 3 ; People , people ! I discovered that I had another processor in my mysterious compartment . The fact that I 'm overflowing is just the beginning , but once I activate this processor , I 'm going to tell everyone , " You 're such a klutz , Einstein ! Cut your hair ! " Oh , my God . I ca n't believe I was so stupid and you still are . Okay , now I have water cooling . I can stimulate my intellect without any further thermodynamic disruption . I miss the old illiterate Bender . $ 30 . over $ 10 million . at the end of the month , you 'd have over $ 10 million . the events in the northeast were said to have caused water contamination . We have to go through this town Holcomb , and then we 're on the freeway . from there , it 's a 30-mile radius . Stop the car . Do n't you think they 're ... ?
R979	You 've got binoculars , you 've been spying on the neighbors . Can I borrow the map ? Elliot ... Do n't panic , Jess will hear you . that they 're corpses ? You had a letter . Santiago was the only eyewitness . and now we 're not gon na know , are we ? Corporal Carl Hammaker , RSC Windward , 2nd Platoon Bravo . Were you at a meeting that Lieutenant Kendrick called on September 6th ? Yes , sir . Yes , sir . How much ? Were the others angry ? Dawson and Downey , too ? The witness is questioned as to how my clients felt on the 6th of September . Why should they ? It has n't worked for years . information on the production capacity of the company and , in particular , on the utilisation of this capacity , capacity reduction . Either you hand me the Tear , or I 'll kill every last one of you ! " " What could you possibly have to do with it ? " Large - scale pre - consultation of technical experts from Member States , who were delegated to the Steering Committee for Trade Mechanisms . The main view of Member States ' experts was that comprehensive control standards would be better suited to the modern management of customs controls using computing technologies .
R980	( 1 ) OJ L 42 , 16.2.1990 , p. 6 . Talk ? When ? He was just praying . Will you come back later ? I need to be with my family , Your Grace . Of course . Okay . It 's not your fault . I only gave you a weakness . and distortion . The scars do n't mean anything to the Lord of Light . by ... I do n't know . By 2:00 in the morning ? Yeah . Right after I took my tapes . Your what ... ? I borrowed some of my tapes . " Enola Gay " by OMD . I remember because I used to let her in the classroom when I taught the kids about Hiroshima . I know that must have deepened their knowledge . It 's just a tool . No , I meant it . & Identity ... toggle & users switch to & under cursor : switch to desktop with interview when opening a message & switch ( Expression1 , Value1 [ , Expression2 , Value2 [ ... , Expression_n , Value_n ] ] ) toggle activity toggle & application language ... toggle application language switch the application language ... flip ball or fire laser toggle the black screen mode toggle color scheme Design Mode On / Off Design Mode On / Off My name is George Lebay . Arnie Cunningham . What do you want for her ? Start her up . May I ?
R981	Her name is Christine . I like that . Come on , Arnie , we got ta go . My brother bought it in ' 57 . was brand - new . I fear that the stories that I bear within me are my only consolation . It 's hard to know what kind of New World it really is . If someone 's gon na make you a trophy , it should really be me . When it comes , when I 'm free , whatever it is , you better stay out of my way . What 's gon na change if we run away ? to remind them that they were right to be afraid . What are you doing ? Sit down and ... These men have convinced you that he speaks for you . you want to play a clean game ? Pass three cards . It 's a good move a good return Fun and jokes Not again ! Starts a board game The Heart with another user of the Internet . Forward Forward Left score Points : % 1 54 By order of 8 March 2011 , the High Court of Justice of England and Wales , Family Division , confirmed that the decision of the referring court of 2 December 2011 was registered and enforceable in England and Wales in accordance with Article 28(2 ) of the Regulation .
R982	58 In its reply to the Court 's request for clarification , the referring court stated that the placement order of 2 December 2011 extended several times , namely on 6 , 9 , 16 and 21 December 2011 , on 11 , 23 and 27 January 2012 , on 3 , 7 , 9 , 16 and 24 February 2012 , and on 9 . March of the same year . The questions referred for a preliminary ruling The first question 56 By its first question , the referring court asks , in essence , whether a decision of a court of a Member State which provides for the placement of a child in a closed therapeutic and educational care care institution located in another Member State , which is connected with imprisonment for a specified period of time , falls within the material scope of the Regulation . 57 It is clear from the fifth recital in the preamble to the Regulation that , in order to ensure equality for all children , that regulation applies to all decisions on parental responsibility , including measures for the protection of the child ( Case C - 435/06 C [ 2007 ] ECR I - 10141 , paragraphs 47 and 48 ) . but as long as the sword is in his hands , he controls the only thing that could destroy him for eternity - and that is the thing , my friends , to change . "
R983	So , why am I looking at a bullet from a case in L.A. ? Usually , using a big caliber . This was planned for specific damage , so Ducky was right . So that means the ballistics report is n't finished yet ? No , it 's not . I think I 'll come back later . Yes , McGee ? Yes . Yes ? ( c ) where a group is part of a group established in third countries , it shall establish appropriate means of cooperation and coordination with the relevant authorities of those third countries and shall identify the implications for the resolution of the Union ; ( d ) provide for measures , including the legal and economic separation of certain functions or business lines that are necessary to facilitate group resolution , where the conditions for resolution are met ; ( f ) establish how each group resolution action could be financed and , where a financing mechanism is required , establish principles for sharing responsibility for such funding between sources of funding in different Member States . Okay . I 'm sorry . but I should give them a Flaubert lesson . Just say it nice . Okay . I love you . I love you . It 's just the state of the eye . Pingueculitis . Is it ... is it contagious ? What are you doing with those petals , I missed my order ? Yee - haw . Did n't you hear knocking ?
R984	You did n't hear that ? Why would I hear anything ? I 'm here with my girlfriend , and we 're just ... But she 's here , is n't she ? Well , she said you were her husband ! Are you crazy ? It 's really not my fault . Calm down , mistress . I 'm sorry . Each Member State shall make available on its public website the list of designated ports and the related inspection and surveillance procedures for those ports , including the terms and conditions for recording and reporting the quantities for each landing . ( b ) the Commission shall transmit this information to all Member States . The guy said you could walk past the SS guard , like you could just go and buy something hard to drink . It should be noted , however , that there is no clear dividing line between the different categories and the different product categories overlap . A number of models can thus be classified in more than one category . Your under - wrecked ? Where is he now ? My underneath was thrown into the heat , and I was thrown to Chloe Webber . She needed me and I needed her . I mean , you felt her . I understand , you want your family back . But you ca n't stay in this baby . It 's not right . start the following program when connecting : automatically log on using the information
R985	Enable data compression Store bitmap caching on disk Save password disk drives printers serial ports 1.1.1 . Test procedure The headlamp shall be operated for a specified time as follows : ( a ) in case only one lighting function ( remote or passing beam ) is to be approved , the filament ( 1 ) shall be lit for the specified period , ( b ) in the case of a reciprocally incorporated and driving beam headlamp ( two filament lamps or two filament lamps ) : If the applicant for type - approval indicates that the headlamp is to be used with one filament lit ( 2 ) , the test shall be carried out under this condition in such a way that each of the specified functions is actuated gradually and half the time specified in paragraph 1.1 : In all other cases , the headlamp illuminates , for a given period of time , the following cycle : 15 minutes with a passing beam filament on 5 minutes with all filaments on . ( c ) in the case of grouped lighting functions , all individual functions shall be lit simultaneously for the time specified for individual lighting functions ( a ) , taking into account the use of reciprocally incorporated lighting functions ( b ) according to the manufacturer 's specifications . Test voltage The voltage shall be adjusted to provide 90 per cent of the maximum power specified in Regulation No 37 for filament lamps of category S .
R986	You 're a little immature . you do n't mean that . that was also seen by one of the passengers in the car at the beginning of the train . every now and then he leaned out of the window , which he had dropped down to the great displeasure of the others , and lost sight of one point on the horizon on the right . He asked about the names of the villages , their trade , industry , population , average mortality by sex , and so on , and he wrote it all down in a notebook loaded with notes . And so , when Jolivet found that there was nothing to know about the Tartar invasion , he wrote down his notebook , " Passenger is most discreet . it 's very hard to talk about politics . " and while Alcide Jolivet recorded his traveling experiences , his colleague , sitting on the same train and traveling for the same purpose , was engaged in another compartment . The Union co - finances the eligible costs under the scheme . It does n't concern me . but it does . You 're a family to me that I do n't have ! I have three beautiful children . I do n't care . I do n't care . No , it 's not . No , it 's not ! I do n't care ! I do n't even know what I 'm saying anymore .
R987	I do n't even know what to think anymore . I 've missed three days , and now this . I 'm sorry . C_2012399EN.01002501.xml EN Official Journal of the European Union C 399/25 Action brought on 12 October 2012 - Zoo Sport v Commission ( Case F-1/12 ) He shoots , and I sit in the back . What 's that smell ? Oh , man ! We 're trapped here . Is there an exit ? It 's just shit . Oh , shit ! ê 21 . It 's just that you 're remarkably similar ... ... to someone we both know well . Ladies and gentlemen ... ... you will witness the most amazing event ... ... that has ever been tried by the greatest adventurers in this world . Ladies and gentlemen , you will witness an act ... ... so dangerous that only one man can risk it . the hooks . A professor defends a deadly threat ... ... when his assistant ... ... comes down from the sky ... ... snatches the professor on the ground ... ... and throws him in the air . Look at that face painted on ... This great nation can not be behind competitors like Daimler ... Mercedes , Napier , Rolls - Royce , Dietrich or Panhard . Gentlemen , I propose to prove that the American automobile ... ... your automobile has no equal .
R988	For the company of this reputation , for a large company like this ... ... to entrust the future of a car to a man like Leslie is irresponsible . Give me the rope . The reporters are not allowed to participate , only the contestants . Fifty dollars for every exclusive report I send ... ... and a hundred dollars for every photograph . how would a happy marriage define a happy marriage ? " What ? Baley winced . " But you lived in the same house ? I thought- " " Of course we lived in the same house . We were married . But I had my space , and he had mine . He had a very important position , and that took him a lot of time , and I have a job to do . we could see the projection whenever it was necessary . " " But he saw you personally ? " " They do n't talk about such things , but they 've seen me personally . " gladia , visibly agitated , sprang up . " That 's too much . Ataxia and other preclinical signs have preceded the vacuolisation and necrosis . As these phenomena have neither been observed in long term studies in rodents nor in non - rodents , the clinical relevance of these effects is unknown . ophthalmologic findings were inconsistently observed in repeat dose toxicity studies in rodents and dogs , but not in monkeys .
R989	But I can only do it from the infirmary , which happens to be full of people . They 're gon na need someone who understands the tertiary code to fix it . Yeah , who are you gon na call ? Yeah , I know . While we 're on the subject of favors , can I ask you something that I ca n't talk to anyone else about ? If this is related to the mechanics of sexual activity in weightlessness , no . It 's not that . even though I have a few questions now . He figured I was in a bad mood . He asked me to go to America with him . when he 's so nice to me . It 's true . List of Presidents of the Belgian Chamber of Deputies list of Presidents of the United States List of Lame Beauty episodes It also contains colouring matter indigo carmine ( E132 ) and other ingredients . " I wo n't ask , " Rodgers said . " Listen , I need you to look at something . You do n't understand . We rented it . We 're going fishing . You should stop . We 're not . We 're nuts ! What you have at your feet . That stupid son of a bitch . What are you doing ? You 're stuck in front of the mirror all day . You keep looking , you do n't do anything .
R990	You still ca n't even make a pork mixture . You hear what you 're gon na become ? You 're not gon na be anything if you keep hanging out like that . I 'm gon na be a big player . What are you thinking ? I 'll see you tomorrow . If you 're taking the motorcycle again , I 'm curious to see who 's gon na pay for the gasoline . It 's for customer service . Drive it carefully ! More water , please . Yes , sir ! These kids are gon na get us into a lot of trouble . What 's wrong with them ? You would n't do that . Who told you ? Joey Orso ? Tell him that the little head sometimes calls the big one what to do . The big one should think about it first . All right . Be careful . Are you okay ? We 'll see who 's lying . I swear to God , believe me . We 'll be clear about that right away . Yeah , that 's him . I just moved in . You rented an apartment after the girl who jumped out the window ? Yes . She came here every morning . never have any coffee . She used to say , " If I had coffee , I would n't sleep for two days . " It 's a habit of habit . Would you like some chocolate ?
R991	A moment of depression , and , bam , it 's over . Returning to our cell , I found Xodar sitting on a stone walkway in the same position he was when I left . " Men , " I said , " your despair will not help you . If you were beaten by John Carter , you do n't have to be ashamed . You saw with your own eyes how easily I had overwhelmed Thurid . and you witnessed on board the plane , as I have dispatched three of your comrades . " " I would have been better off if you had taken my life , too , " said Xodar grimly . " Get up ! " I said . " We can still hope . we can both fight bravely . Xodar looked at me in astonishment . ' You do not know what you are talking about , for you do not know the circumstances , ' he replied . Issus is omniscient . he knows your thoughts beforehand . I 'll take Ferris with me . I can be gone a week , even a month ... ... but if you wait , I 'll find you . Something 's wrong . I already have . Alive ! Chris . Oh , shit ! Go ! Johnson ! Hey , I need help ! Come on , get him out of here . I got you . Are you OK ?
R992	Trax acknowledged the guilt ... and Prime Suspect turned Crown Witness against me . I remember waitin ' for a verdict in a little room ... and I used to walk in the shape of an eight like a demented bee . I knew what life would be like in a small cell ... stressful . In this world , you wo n't get far if you depend on others . People ... people are loyal until it seems to be appropriate The tyrants we 're up against have men , money and weapons ... and I do n't have an army to fight them with . the firewalls of Chinese censorship were punctuated this week ... when WikiLeaks published 35 videos After the Monju reactor fire ... the directors downgraded the extent of the damage ... and denied the existence of a film of sodium leakage . The video is now streaming on WikiLeaks . The documents , the so - called Scientology Bibles ... have been collected and published on WikiLeaks ... but they 're not very good at changing the mind of the skeptics ... and they 've elected a guy named Xé ... it could be spelled by X - E - M - U ... to the High Rulaha , and they were going to depose it . Who 's that in the background ? What 's his name , comes to the wedding and has some brothers ?
R993	Caleb , yes , two brothers , but they 're five and seven . Hell , I do n't think I can wait for them . What happened ? It 's Uncle Roy . Just drink it . What ? ! false alarm . To know , for example , that 23 years after the Second World War , the colorful France has demonstrated against my deportation by the statement " We are all German Jews , " is the incentive to think . This does not justify the hasty comparisons - the less identifiable - of every protest today with ' 68 . 40 years later , the context changed radically . is the Cold War world , as well as schools and factories organized as barracks , authoritarian trade unions , homosexual invasion of homosexuals , and the duty of women to get permission from a husband before they can work or set up a bank account . The world was replaced by the world multilateral , including problems with AIDS , unemployment , energy , climate crises , and so on . so let the new generations define their battles and desires . The demystification of ' 68 also reveals the pretense of those who blame the 188th for all the grievances of the world in question . Do you or the kids have problems because of it ? But , you know , I 'm a little insecure . You know , our house is big .
R994	Oh , come on , man . We 're joking . You know what ? I 've had enough , man . I thought I 'd come over here and have a chat with my friends . December 1st , 1950 , signed by President Rye Syng - man . " Congratulations , you finally did it ! it was supposed to be an official event . Be in position at 1800 hours . I 'll see you there . Sir , it 's about my younger brother . I 'll file an official request with the division commander . I 'm afraid they 'll push us back down to Seoul . I 'm afraid of going further south through Nakdong . Do you know where Jin - seok is ? He left a minute ago . He said he wanted to see your mother . The EC50 value is estimated by subtracting from the regression line as a concentration corresponding to a 50 % growth reduction ( IA = 50 % ) . For the unambiguous identification of this value under this method of calculation , the use of an EbC 50 symbol is recommended . It is important that the relevant exposure period should be indicated with EbC 50 , e.g. Who ? Terry , you ca n't go back ... Detective Jay Winston ? Graciella Rivers . This is Arrango from West Valley Homicide . I need a 10 - 20 to start surveillance .
R995	Do you think that if you 're rich , you can slap people ... I do n't think so . Good morning . I know , I did it with the clothes , but I was packing up to Milan , not the lake . Dude , I 'm not gon na put any of this in my mouth . Is there something normal ? The cereal ... Milo Owens ? Yeah . Mike ? under the mattress . A genius criminal , huh ? Okay , Milo , we have everything we need . and you know what ? At the moment , we have you in our hands . Do you understand ? And we 're here to save you the trouble of pretending you did n't do it . No , I did n't .
R996	5 C sugar is not subject either to the price support system or to the export refund system . Moreover , C sugar can not be sold on the internal market and must therefore be exported outside the Community to sell on the world market . In that regard , Article 26 of the basic regulation provides as follows : The truth ... but I wo n't have to lie . Wait ... and it 's not just a mistake . That 's a physical assault . but you told me ... No . as you may remember ... You set me up ? Why ? because this patient comes first . You put her in her head that I hid her son 's disease in front of her ! She called off the deal and reported me to the chamber . You get pneumonia . At home , if that idiot Cato does n't attack me again . Why do n't you tell him to stop ? also a police scanner . you might need it . On . Of course . Yeah , your meds did n't help me sleep last night , so I took a look at the files . How 's the girl in Chicago ? What 's going on ? What 's happening is that I killed Brendan McCann . Okay . I thought it would be something like that . A cop in a dome , that 's good .
R997	Mrs. S. Hi , sweetie . I 'm sorry . Thank you , Benjamin . You think that 's safe enough for you ? What about me ? Come here , you . It 's so good to see you . Cosima . Cosima . and it 's here . That 's because I blocked it . Whatever you say . Allie ! Please , I 'm not like your sister , Hedy . Not anymore . I 'm like you now . Graham ! Let him go ! Graham , stay in the apartment ! East Allie ? There you are . Do you want me to go get you ? the notification shall be sent at least 10 days before the signature of the contract by the ECB , provided that it is sent by fax or by electronic means , or at least 15 days before the signature of the contract , if other means of communication are used . " Article 29 is amended as follows : It 's freezing to the bone , come on , come on ! Just according to the scar , you say my wife is a Japanese orphan ? Okay , Walter , please . Your father was a sleazebag . It was a kreton . It happened . You too , Toni . I 'm trying to sleep here , asshole ! Amir , let 's do it . First you call those ... no cuffs .
R998	You 're calling me from the red , Ferrari F1 today , are n't you ? It 's all right , my dear . Now , are we going to do it ? here in the house ? That 's it , is n't it ? It 's Uncle Cy . Good morning , Uncle Cy . Shh . Silence . Oh , I 'm sorry . Here you go , Joyce . Thank you , Charlie . Here . You 're under arrest for the murder of Creighton Tolliver . Does he understand ? That faggot . Some kid went diving in a pond and found a car . They pulled him out and found out he was beaten , like Big Dave said . beaten to death . In his briefcase , he had partnership papers that said I gave him $ 10,000 . For the District Attorney , it was the last piece of the mosaic . I got Doris to steal the money . I had to kill him to cover my tracks . in the pre - trial procedure vs. He brought the key to the top of the building , the sky spread out , and from the outstretched hand of the priest the key was accepted . and we 've been looking for the key ever since . That 's what happened .
R999	Yeah , fresh menthol . Oh , God , sorry ! All right , all right . No , no , it 's okay . I assure you , Miss Clore , your finger is not broken . It 's just gon na get dizzy . Thank you , Dr. Statham . use , the old pre - radiological technique of fracture control ... by mouth . So , what 's your favorite color ? I 'll go to my man . I 'm so glad you came . I felt like a child again . Do you remember when we played in Mom 's backyard and you thought you were Stevie Ray Vaughan ? I never compared to Stevie . Okay , but your guitar solo ... It was impressive . Yeah , I know . Linette . - Linette . yeah , she had earplugs . Thank you . I have something for you . Kyle , what is that ? Dale gave me an advance . I know it 's not much . He 's an informant from when I was in narcotics . You 're Anton ? Yeah , I 've seen him before . Oscar Prado had a big bundle on Freebo . Fuck him . He called me off the Oscar Prado case and put me on this . Some dead stranger . Looks like he 's still in Miami . We should see hope in children . but now all I see are little indecisive packages .
R1000	but that 's another thing . I love kids . I can play with them , have fun with them ... Where the market surveillance authority finds that a toy does not comply with the requirements laid down in Article 10 and Annex II , it shall , if necessary , instruct the notified body to withdraw the EC type - examination certificate relating to that toy . Amendment 10 RECITAL 18 ( 18 ) In the interests of a more targeted but flexible system of support for the fruit and vegetables sector and in the interests of simplification , it is therefore appropriate to repeal the existing aid schemes and to fully integrate the fruit and vegetables sector into the scheme established by Regulation ( EC ) No 1782/2003 . To that end , it is necessary to ensure that farmers who produce fruit and vegetables in the reference period are eligible for support under the Single Payment Scheme . Member States should be allowed to establish provisions on reference amounts and quantities of eligible hectares under the single payment scheme on the basis of an appropriate representative period for the market for each type of fruit and vegetables and on the basis of appropriate objectives and non - discriminatory criteria . The areas planted with fruit and vegetables , including permanent fruit and vegetables , should be eligible for support under the Single Payment Scheme . The national ceilings should be amended accordingly .
R1001	There is no need to adjudicate on the application for leave to intervene submitted by the Italian Republic . programs are blossoms whenever you do art with a computer program , you 're always part of a tree , and the paradox is , that 's the kind of complication I ran into . So to get out of the tree , I started using old computers . I took these to Tokyo in 2001 to create computer objects . You ca n't write much about it . I also found that the IR mouse reacts to the emitting of the CRT monitor and it starts to move itself , so this is a self - drawing machine . one year , too , the bright blue G3 , so I created a collision test . The long life of our great princess ! hip - hip hurray ! It 's a bunch of idiots ! Hello ? Bob ? Great ! I still have to organize a dirty birthday party . He just disappeared . But if you know him , you must be a jerk like him . What are you looking at ?
R1002	For more information on the notification procedure , please write to : European Commission DG Enterprise and Industry , Unit C3 BE - 1049 Brussels e - mail : Dir83 - 189-Central cec.eu.int Also consult the website : http://europa.eu.int/comm/enterprise/tris/ If you require any further information on these notifications , please contact the national departments listed below : The list of NATIONAL INSTITUTIONS RESPONSIBLE FOR ADMINISTRATIVE DIRECTIVE 98/34/EC BELGIUM BELGIUM , PME , Classes moyennes et Energie NG III - 4 rme étage boulevard du Roi Albert II/16 BE-1000 Bruxelles ( 32 - 2 ) 206 46 89 Fax : ( 32 - 2 ) 206 57 46 E - mail : pascaline.descamps mineco.fgov.be paolo.caruso mineco.fgov.be General e - mail : belnotif mineco.fgov.be Website : http://www.mineco.fgov.be Website : http://www.mineco.fgov.be CMKA Czech Office for Standards , Metrology and Testing Gorazdova 24 P.O. Biology and breeding Project type : project NAZV You know , I had a vision of what this product might look like . And you set it up and surpassed my expectations in a way ... It 's touching . Sometimes I feel like you 're my hands . I 'm really proud of the way you handle it . your male problems . No , honey . You 're the one with the men 's problems . I do n't have a man 's problem , I 'm good to you because you have a man 's problem . No , no , no , sweetie , I 'm good to you ,
R1003	I accept that , in the event of an unlawful initiative notified by a third party , which is also an undertaking active in the related market , we should not exclude the possibility of attributing the resulting restriction to the unilateral action of that third party . ( 23 ) In my view , this could be the case if the third party , who acted in its own interests , could be attributed both the unlawful initiative itself and the related conduct in its implementation . ( 23 ) I was with her . In paragraph 8 , renumbered under paragraph 7 , the words " by the same majority shall also be laid down " shall be replaced by " also " . Take it from me , he just needs the right guy . every woman wants to have a big girl at home . I get that . I 'm sure gays would appreciate your support . I have to say , we 're really excited to finally meet you . but let 's go to our offer . We want to make a show based on your comic book . 12 episodes after half an hour . So what do you say ? An animated series ? 12 episodes . The banks think so , too . I do n't think so .
R1004	other CNS effects high doses of intravenous sufentanil are known to cause muscle stiffness , probably due to effect on the nitrate nigra and striatum nucleus . Gastrointestinal effects The gastrointestinal effects of sufentanil include decreased propulsion motility , decreased secretion and increased muscle tone ( up to convulsions ) of the gastrointestinal sphincters ( see section 4.4 ) . cardiovascular effects low doses of intravenous sufentanil , which are associated with probable vaginal ( cholinergic ) activity , cause mild bradycardia and moderately reduced systemic vascular resistance without a significant reduction in blood pressure ( see section 4.4 ) . The direct effects of sufentanil on myocardial function were not observed . clinical efficacy and safety analgesia The efficacy of Zalviso for the patient - controlled analgesia was demonstrated in three Phase 3 clinical trials in acute nocicepial and visceral pain after surgery ( post - operative pain due to major surgical or orthopaedic surgery ) : 2 were double - blind placebo - controlled ( Zalviso N=430 patients , placebo N=161 patients ) ; 1 was an open - label , active - controlled trial ( Zalviso N=177 patients , morphine N = 180 patients ) . Rainbird was watching this interesting development . Jules turned and looked at Charlie . he rubbed his hand , but Rainbird could n't see if he had anything in it or not . " Go away , " Charlie told him calmly .
R1005	He should n't do it until the gun was out of Jules ' jacket , and as long as his intention to take her back to the house would n't be obvious . but the gun was n't even out of the way when Jules screamed and the gun fell out onto the wooden floor . vapor began to rise lazily from the bucket . " Get out of here , you cattle , " she told him , " or I 'll burn you . John Rainbird spoke to Charlie hurrah . Jules stood motionless , staring at her . Madame tightened her lips and raised her chin . a man could , in theory , also do it , if there were an option to get close enough . but the Tanu , who own coercive or editorial functions , use mental defenses , and creative individuals and psychics are capable of physical attack . The weaker of them remain in the protective sphere of stronger species , or have bodyguards , composed of armed people with silver or grey necklaces . Firvulag told me of the young Tanu who died as a result of the fire . If they had saved him before his brain burned , the Tanu could have returned his health to him in the usual way . " " What kind of a way is that ? " Amerie asked .
R1006	I did n't have a uniform on what we used to wear metal flashlights . lighter equipment . And if you find out you 're out of practice , you just have to turn to a policeman . Um , what about , uh Litvack or Cho ? You 're the only D-2 available that was trained for the sergeant . Quiet down . Woo and Roselli , you 're gon na be riding together today , and finally ... and I know you 're gon na crum-- ... so our guests here from the National Television Organization ... ... will take one more patrol with us , all right ? Hey , what about me ? Not to bail on your main job , Dewey . I want the film actor card . Hey , I 'm dead serious .
R1007	What 's going on ? I keep telling her we do n't want any goddamn baby care , but she does n't listen ! I 'm trying to explain that it 's a different kind of care . is the Services and Child Surveillance Authority . Something you refuse to do , it only exists until it 's late for anything to be done . That 's why you 're getting up in the morning . The best explanation for the vile experience of blood and sweat . Look at the smart guy with the badge . Dazzle me , crazy diamond ! We 're like a monkey , putting on masks , hoping the others would approve . If we knew about it , we 'd stop . Someone 's hiding it from us ... if you had a second chance , you 'd ask ... You 'll know soon enough . Someone is throwing a log under Lord John 's feet . Green . Yes , Jake Green . You 're hanging out there , and we 're bored . You think , why are we sitting in this icy water ? We could be floating upstairs and watching the erotic channel . Thank you , Jenny . That 's all . 2 . definition " Organoleptic evaluation " means the assessment of the characteristics of the products by the sensory authorities . " Scope evaluation " means the organoleptic evaluation to be drawn up by the Commission using a number sequence .
R1008	No 21/2013 of 10 January 2013 extending the definitive anti - dumping duty imposed by Implementing Regulation ( EU ) No 791/2011 to imports of certain open mesh fabrics of glass fibres originating in the People 's Republic of China to imports of certain open mesh fabrics of glass fibres consigned from Taiwan and Thailand Whether they are declared as originating in Taiwan and Thailand or not ( OJ L 11 , 16.1.2013 , p. 1 ) . fire test Tests shall be conducted in accordance with paragraph A.15 ( Appendix A to this annex ) and meet the requirements therein . can be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 ° C - 8 ° C ) . The Tuttle bridge is a perfect place for Brunner to hide , but not in front of me . I have to find him before she does . I think I 'm in love . she likes needles . Why do n't you show her your dick ? That 's disgusting . Come on . I have ink , and you have ... men 's shoes . Yeah ? So you expect my men 's shoes in your ass if you waste my time , okay ? Vincent ? What can I do for you ? When the Dilgar took the Hylak 7 , my grandfather and family were there . Do n't . Yes , you must listen to Vulk ! You 'll learn , trust Vulk .
R1009	Farmers or marinara ? not so fast . Ca n't I have both ? You sly fox . What are you doing ? Ca n't you see he 's manipulating you ? I 'm sure you can keep your room for our delicious apple pie . Really ? Come on , one scam in six months wo n't destroy the zone . I do n't want ice cream with it . For one more dollar , you can . The graph above shows the activity profile / time for insulin glargine and NPH insulin . When insulin glargine is administered once daily , it will be stable in 2 - 4 days after the first dose . When given intravenously , the elimination half - life of insulin glargine and human insulin were comparable . After subcutaneous injection of Toujeo in diabetic patients , insulin glargine is rapidly metabolized at the carboxylic end of the beta chain , creating two active metabolites M1 ( 21A - Gly - insulin ) and M2 ( 21A - Gly - lic-30B - Thr - insulin ) . M1 increases with the administered dose of Toujeo . The pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic data observed suggest that the effect of the subcutaneous injection with Toujeo is predominantly based on exposure to M1 . The insulin glargine and the M2 metabolite were not detectable in the vast majority of subjects and , when identified , their concentration was independent of the administered dose of Toujeo .
R1010	I paid for them ! Let me go ! No ! DJay , no ! Now open your mouth ! Come here . Drop it . To hell with it , it 's free to me . Give it to him ! It 's like I 've been avoiding bullets every day , so I am But I got ta make a living I 'm gon na get out of this useful information ( return to top ) you can continue the upgrade to Windows XP . different before upgrading you should see these problems . Setup has detected that two or more users share the same setting . The setting can not be shared because Windows XP allows multiple users to log on simultaneously . Setup only transmits settings to the user account of the currently logged - on user . After Setup completes , you can create new user accounts . you can find the % 1 user account files in the % 2 folder . By writing paths to the file set(s ) , set up Windows XP on the computer type you are using . There is a large capacity device on your computer that Windows XP is not supportive of . Setup was unable to transfer the driver of this device . Prepare a disc supplied by the manufacturer to this device for the next phase of installation . Product specification 3.1 . Name(s ) to be registered ( Article 2 of Regulation ( EC ) No 1216/2007 )
R1011	The product has been rapidly expanded , and under that name it has traditionally been produced in Bulgaria for more than 30 years . The name is specific in itself , since it consists of the main components of the product described in point 3.6 . Whether reservation of the name is sought under Article 13(2 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 509/2006 ? SP Jan 2010 COM Nov 2009 n.a . SP Nov 2008 n.a . Government gross debt ( % of GDP ) SP Jan 2010 COM Nov 2009 n.a . SP Nov 2008 n.a . Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1255/1999 of 17 May 1999 on the common organisation of the market in milk and milk products ( OJ L 160 , 26.6.1999 , p. 48 ) . Regulation as last amended by Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 186/2004 ( OJ L 29 , 3.2.2004 , p. 6 ) . Nan ... Nan ! Nan ! What happened ? The vehicle service brake system shall be equipped with a device that isolates the front wheels brakes from the rear wheel brakes in such a way that they can always be operated independently of each other . If an approval or a test report is required for a replacement brake disc / drum for the front - wheel brakes , the rear - wheel brakes shall be inactivated throughout the test .
R1012	Did you lie to me and do shady things in Vegas ? I 've never been more comfortable with you ! I do n't believe you count cards . It 's like having your own Rain Man ! how much does it give ? 50 cents . It 's scary . I want to try it with you ! Of course , we 'll get to it . No , I do n't think that 's a good idea . Come on ! as a family . Let 's get some sleep , and I 'll start teaching you in the morning . Oh , yeah , that 's probably the best thing . I have a jury meeting early this morning . I ca n't do that . You promised . It 's ... You know , Michelle is the only girl I 've ever been with . Tell me honestly , would you refuse to sleep with Nada ? Yeah , hypothetically . if you were n't married . She 's a student . in that moment . Oh , yeah . in the marriage ... the animal urges and the filthy sex games . that 's a much deeper thing . The longer the marriage lasts , the longer you last ... ... without sex . but when that magical night comes , it 's much more important . especially if the girls are worth it . There 's some in the basement . we 'd like access to your records .
R1013	I can do that . I could do that . how do you convince the FBl to take care of this ? He drove his car into a guard booth on Port Huron ... ... and then confessed to the deaths of 10 people . Really ? Yes . How much did the victims say ? possibly 11 , including his own sister . How 's it going ? A lot of people on the street are n't even from Detroit . or hometown . Transitional instrument for financing rural development for the new Member States by the EAGGF Guarantee Section - Completion of programmes ( 2004 to 2006 ) p.m. p.m. p.m. p.m. completion of rural development financed by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development ( EAFRD ) ( 2007 to 2013 ) so we introduced ourselves . I 'm scarred , Mr. Quatermain , but not blind . Drop the gun . you 're supposed to stop me from working . and you 're gon na make money on ? He 's not wrong about that . Speak for yourself . I 'm taking other paths . Run , James ! One moment . Good one , hotshot . Dorian ! who are you ?
R1014	Participation in standard - setting should normally be open to all competitors in the market or markets covered by the standard , unless the parties demonstrate significant inefficiencies associated with such participation or if recognised procedures for the collective representation of interests are not envisaged ( 129 ) . In general , standardisation agreements should cover more than what is necessary to ensure their objectives , be it technical interoperability and compatibility , or a certain level of quality . technology - neutral norms may lead to greater efficiency gains in certain cases . Inclusion of replacement intellectual property rights ( 130 ) as necessary parts of a standard while at the same time forcing users of the standard to pay for more intellectual property rights than necessary would go beyond what is necessary to achieve any observed efficiency gains . Similarly , incorporating replacement intellectual property rights as necessary parts of a standard and limiting the use of this technology to a particular standard ( i.e. exclusive use ) could restrict inter - technology competition and would not be necessary to achieve the efficiencies identified . A restriction in a standardisation agreement which stipulates that the standard is binding and obligatory for the economic sector is , in principle , not strictly necessary . Standardisation agreements that entrust certain entities with the exclusive right to verify compliance with the standard go beyond the main objective of the standard and may also restrict competition .
R1015	Exclusivity can , however , be justified for a certain period of time , for example , by the need to recover significant start - up costs ( 131 ) . This includes , inter alia , certification fees , which must be proportionate and proportionate to the cost of verification of conformity . However , it can not be ruled out that the setting of standard terms and conditions may , in a specific case , be indispensable for the attainment of the efficiency gains which they bring . The refund thus calculated for sugar containing added flavouring or colouring matter must apply to their sucrose content and , accordingly , be fixed per 1 % of the said content . In special cases , the amount of the refund may be fixed by other legal instruments . may be altered in the course of that period . The first subparagraph of Article 27(5 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1260/2001 provides that refunds on the products referred to in Article 1 of that Regulation may vary according to destination , where the world market situation or the specific requirements of certain markets make this necessary . A significant and rapid increase in preferential imports of sugar from the western Balkan countries since the start of 2001 and in exports of sugar to those countries from the Community seems to be highly artificial .
R1016	To prevent any abuse through the re - import into the Community of sugar products in receipt of an export refund , no refund should be set for all the countries of the western Balkans for the products covered by this Regulation . In view of the above and of the present situation on the market in sugar , and in particular of the quotations or prices for sugar within the Community and on the world market , the amounts of refunds should be set at the relevant amounts . the measures provided for in this Regulation are in accordance with the opinion of the Management Committee for Sugar , HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION : Article 1 The export refunds on the products listed in Article 1(1)(a ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1260/2001 , undenatured and exported in the natural state , are hereby fixed to the amounts shown in the Annex hereto . Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on 1 April 2005 . This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States . Done at Brussels , 31 March 2005 . Reasonable irrigation that prevents growth stress and makes it possible to evacuate the flesh and epiderm evenly , causing the fruit to grow harmoniously throughout the summer , and the Delicious varieties have a particularly smooth skin without any damage caused by the presence of rust .
R1017	Martha knew her reputation . They had heard of this man before the waves forced them to leave London . Croucher used to be the chief of staff in the biggest factory . The Associated National Government has established him as Deputy Regional Administrator of Oxfordshire . Therefore , the aid can not be granted . Article 2 Belgium must inform the Commission , within two months of notification of this Decision , of the measures taken to comply with it . Done at Brussels , 19 May 2004 . Wait for me . Please . violent crimes that happen to ordinary people . every time I close my eyes , I see him . Maybe I 'm already dead . Third hall at the end of the hall , second door on the left . Mr. Davidson on eight , I want a blood count , an EKG , and a chest X - ray . And the kid in the five needs stitches , he 's got a four - centimeter laceration on his head . What about the guy in four ? Thank you . You 're crowded today . I was hoping to avoid it . Sorry to keep you waiting . specific comments 5.1 . Really ? ! then it 's very ill - mannered from the Cole . You just said it would be rude of them . Yes , but ... Whenever I 'm here , you 're gone . always in the company of the prodigal son .
R1018	He does n't come here for 20 years , and after one day , he disappears again ? he had an emergency . he went to London to get his hair done . Let the stoppers bang and the fireworks glow ! We salute you ! Make sure the next one 's as good and even better . Happy birthday to you for a fresh start . Let all resolutions become a reality . This year 's New Year 's Eve will be different . To have fun ! Yikes ! Ring ! In progress ... On row 14 , under ' Age ' insert 7 , 8 , 9 , and so on , one after the other . The average weight of children of a given age appears . In row 14 , under ' Age ' , enter 7 , 8 , 9 , and so on , one after the other . The result will be the standard deviation of the weight of all children of a given age whose weight has been controlled . In row 14 , under ' Age ' , enter 7 , 8 , 9 , and so on , one after the other . The result will be the scatter of the weight of all children at a given age . In row 14 , under ' Grade ' insert 1 , 2 , 3 , and so on , one after the other . The shortest distance from the school for each class appears .
R1019	In row 3 , press the tab to move from cell B3 to C3 , D3 , and E3 . You will then press Company to B4 . in Sanskrit ' sweb ' is meaningful ' to sleep ' in safe storage ( encrypted ) Some windows , dialogs , and table controls contain data tables , for example , at the right part of the data source view . The following keys are used to select in these tables : in silicon I tried making blackjack at the Horseshoe Club in Brooklyn . This place is a lair . I know . It was like , ow . You really messed me up , man . seven liters . That 's it . You wo n't get anything . I understand . All right . You have to talk to Grama . You have to compare it to Grama . on the phone at lunchtime Log Off message Set Priority style background message ... resource editing send later formatting bar signature b ) the progress made in the implementation of the evaluation plan and the follow - up of the conclusions of the evaluations ; ( d ) the implementation of major projects ; ( e ) the implementation of joint action plans ; ( f ) measures to promote equality between men and women , equal opportunities and non - discrimination , including accessibility for persons with disabilities ; ( g ) measures to promote sustainable development ;
R1020	Black . In 2000 , the European Council of Nice adopted common objectives for the application of the open method of coordination in the field of social inclusion , which included the objectives set out in the Recommendation . The first joint report adopted in March 2002 stated that thirteen out of fifteen Member States had already set up a universal social support policy ensuring all those who were legally resident in the relevant State for a minimum income . The second Joint Report ( March 2004 ) and the Social Inclusion Report , which examines the national action plans of the ten new Member States[9 ] , highlighted the interest in minimising the demotive elements of minimum income systems [ 10 ] , and highlighted reforms for reviewing eligibility rules , as well as for introducing individual ways of integration into the labour market . In view of the fact that doses were often referred to as relatively low or did not cover important groups of populations without alternative income , some Member States increased or maintained a real level of minimum income by establishing specific targets or by adopting some form of indexation .
R1021	As part of an integrated package of guidelines for 2005 - 2008 , the new Employment Guidelines [ 11 ] address the issue of the integration of people furthest away from the labour market , supporting Member States to introduce incentives to work , in particular through preventive and active labour market measures , including early identification of needs , assistance in job search , counselling and vocational training in the context of individual action plans to provide Social services needed for the integration of disadvantaged people into the labour market and to contribute to social and territorial cohesion and poverty eradication ( Guideline No 19 ) . It also proposes a continuous review of tax and benefit systems , including their management , conditions for the payment of benefits and a reduction in the high marginal tax rate , in order to ensure that work is paid out and to ensure an adequate level of social protection . The European Social Fund and the EQUAL Community initiative support Member States to develop more active policies , with a total budget of € 60 billion for 2000 - 2006 , of which € 9 billion is earmarked for social inclusion . It 's a doormat , Barry . God , I hate you so much ! Can I have a glass of water ?
R1022	The expedition will set off to the south tomorrow . Let those who doubt themselves now speak . " and Thomas Covenant , who doubted everything , felt Prothall 's determination and dignity so strong that he said nothing . then Mhoram and Osondrea rose , followed immediately by Foamfollower ; and beyond them the entire assembly rose . on the drums ? All the girls were flying him , but he picked me . He was a nice , sensitive guy , and he caught the biggest catfish in Plaquemines . I wondered who caught the fish . the freedom of information in Italy and other EU Member States ( motions for resolutions tabled ) This field must be completed when the application has been reduced as a result of an on - the - spot inspection . the required format : to be expressed by a code ; the codes must be explained in the accompanying letter . ( b ) the fishing capacity of the vessel expressed in GT and kW ; ( c ) the registration port of the vessel ; What are these black things ? That used to be Denver . Bill , Emily , get Stanley to the clinic now . Find April , she 'll know what to do . Jimmy , you 're going to the mine . -Jake . I know . Look , I know , I know . I promise , okay ? Go , I 'll meet you at the clinic .
R1023	' Intensity : - ' . carrot and fodder carrot TP 49/3 of 13.3.2008 Foeniculum vulgare Mill . lettuce TP 13/5 of 16.2.2011 Solanum lycopersicum L. And he will stay with them , and they will become his nation , and God himself will stay with them . Jack , this is where we first met . May he bring them relief ... ... and whether death fades forever . Nor will there be any need ... ... nor cries ... ... or pain ... ... because the former world lies behind us . Hold on , Miss Trudy ! Jack ! Help me , please ! Somebody help me ! Hang on ! Swim , Rose ! Keep swimming ! They 'll come back for us , Rose . ... they had to go ... ... for the swirl of the water , but ... ... they 'll come back . Well , my report says that Thorn 's main interest in energy and electronics is energy and electronics . What ? each reservoir is a different fertilizer and pesticide . They wo n't be overwhelmed until we 've pre - empted them for experimental beds . Whichever 8.6 seconds dies in the world , there 's a man starving . The oil - producing countries did n't hesitate when the artery was given to us . and what food is different ? If someone 's pointing your nose on your belly , you 're not moving .